Today I'm going to be running you
through the latest new free Gemini
update. So, there's been a bunch of new
updates from Google that we're going to
be talking about today and I'm going to
be talking about what's happened uh
what's changed this week, the new free
updates and how to use them. So, you can
see there's a bunch of new updates here.
Um, and these are all this week's
launches. So, Google are absolutely
cranking out the new updates. So, the
first one is a Gemini 3.1 flashlight,
which is the most costefficient and
fastest version of Gemini 3's series
models yet. I'll be talking about that
in a second. You can get free access to
that. Cinematic video overviews from
Notebook LM. This is not a free update,
uh, but it has recently come out. I'll
show you some examples in a second. 10
custom cells for notebook LM
infographics, Canvas in AI mode. Then
you've got Android Dev Bench LM
leaderboard. We've got ground source, an
AI powered data set, and Gemini 3.1 Pro
rolled out to Stitch, which is another
free update as well. So, we'll be
talking about these things and and what
they mean and how to use them. The first
thing we're going to jump straight into
this is Gemini 3.1 Flash Light. If
you've never used this before, let me
show you how it works. So, you can go
over to Google AI Studio and use this
for free. And basically, this is a super
fast, powerful version of um of the
Flash update from Google, right? So the
way you can get access to this is you
can go over to Gemini Flash latest
inside the playground of Google AI
Studio, right? And then once you've done
that, you can start using it inside
here. So for example, if we say say um I
actually did an example over here. So we
said create a new website for the AR
profit boardroom. And you can see an
example of what it coded out. Now you
can actually preview anything that you
code out inside the chat right here. But
again, we literally just said like
create a beautiful fun website for the
AR profit boardroom. pasted in the copy
you want to use and then we created the
output using um Gemini. It's pretty
simple and easy. Here's another example
and uh it's pretty easy to to use this
stuff. So if you want to get started,
we're using Gemini flashlight. You can
go to the playground here. Then you can
use Gemini Flash latest. So just make
sure you're using that
and then from here you can start using
this. So we can say okay
create an SEO
calculator and inside the chat you can
start using this. Now you also see on
the drop down here you can actually add
like URL context you can create function
calling code execution structured output
but anything that you code inside the
chat you can preview once it's done
using this button right here. And you
can also download and export the code.
So if you wanted to, for example, launch
or host this somewhere else, you could
just do that via Netifi by downloading
the code and uploading it. And if you
click on preview here, you can actually
preview what you've created. So this is
a calculator that we literally just
built whilst I was talking to you. And
you can see how fast and easy this is to
use. So I wouldn't say it's anywhere
near the same level as Gemini 3.1 Pro.
Um, but sorry, 3.0 Pro, but at the same
time, it is really powerful and it is
useful and um, it's super fast as well.
And you can get free access inside AI
Studio. The next thing that we're going
to talk about is video overviews. Again,
this is not a free update, just being
100% transparent on this, but you can
still use it. So, if you go over to
Notebook LM, this is available on the
ultra plan. Basically, what they've done
is they've created this new version of
video overviews where you can create
custom versions um cinematic versions.
You just type in what you want inside
the chat here. You go to cinematic and
then inside notebook, which is basically
like a research tool, you can start
using these videos. So this is a
cinematic style video that we actually
built.
&gt;&gt; If you have been anywhere near the
developer,
&gt;&gt; you see how it's like zooming in, you
have seen this lobster logo exploding
across your feed. Openclaw just crossed
100,000 stars on GitHub in a matter of
days. Social media has framed this
project as a simple AI coding buddy. The
pitch is that anyone can download it,
spin up an app in 10 minutes, and watch
the AI do all the heavy lifting. But if
you want a localized acceleration tool
to help you write code, you should be
using claude code. Code is contained. It
safely lives and dies inside your
terminal.
&gt;&gt; This is fully automated.
&gt;&gt; This diagram shows the core
architectural misunderstanding confusing
the market today. There is a massive
difference between an internal tool demo
on the left and an external system.
&gt;&gt; But the main point is you can create
much more sophisticated and better
updates um using the cinematic overviews
feature. The other thing is custom
styles for infographics. Now, I think
this is a free feature as far as I'm
aware. So, you can go over to
infographic here. If you click on
infographic, you can choose your custom
style
and you can also choose it to auto
select as well depending on what's best
for the project. So, if you just want to
leave it on auto select, don't click
anything. But you can switch between
different styles right here. And then
you can plug in what you want in terms
of the infographic over there. So, if
you want to see an an example of that,
let me show you how that works. So, if
we scroll on the right hand side here,
you've got this infographic that shows
you 10 ways to use Open Claw, right? Um,
and that was using the custom features.
So, you can actually add like a lot of
depth to this as well, but also that
would be something useful that you can
share on social media and everything
else. So, yeah, it's pretty cool between
Notebook LM and the cinematic videos
plus the custom infographics. It's a
super powerful tool for social media
content generation. And that was update
number three. So, just to recap,
flashlight, cinematic video overviews,
custom styles for infographics, and then
you've got canvas in AI mode. Now,
essentially what they're doing um Google
is they're releasing AI canvas inside
their search platform in the US right
now. I'm sure it'll roll out to the rest
of the world soon, but right now it's
only in the US. And this basically is a
free update um inside their search. And
what it basically turns Google into is
not just a search engine anymore, but
basically it's a way of like people
coding without even realizing it to
build whatever they want on Google
search themselves. Now I think this is
only possible because of stuff like
flashlight which is more scalable,
faster and cheaper to run for Google.
But essentially what you can see here is
when people use Google search engine
inside AI mode, they can basically get a
live canvas of whatever they're trying
to search for. So, for example, if
they're like, I need a calculator for
SEO, then they would type it into Google
and Google would actually generate that
calculator right there and then instead
of you going to a website. What does
that mean? Well, it means more people
stay on AI search itself instead of
going to websites. And number two, it
basically turns everyone in the US into
a coder without even realizing it
because they're creating their own sort
of canvas style tools on the go as they
go along. Right now, this is only
available inside the AI mode of
Google. So, you have to go to AI mode
here and then it's only available for
people in the US, but like I say, I
would expect that to roll out later to
everyone else as well. They've also
created something called Bench, an LLM
leaderboard. I'm not 100% familiar on
that, but basically it just helps
developers evaluate capabilities and
that sort of thing. The thing I would
say with benchmarks is that I don't
really pay attention to them. You also
got ground source which is an AI powered
data set. And then finally uh quite a
big update is Gemini 3.1 Pro is rolled
out to stitch just making it a lot
better. Right. So if you go to stitch
over here you can now use Gemini 3.1 Pro
inside Stitch. So you select thinking.
Now if you're not familiar with Stitch
basically it's a front end UI tool. So
it can design the front end for
websites. You can create nice tools like
you see here. It can create apps and
build out whatever you want. I mean here
it's created a nice little dashboard.
And then you can actually plug that into
tools like AI Studio or Google
Anti-Gravity to code out the actual
website itself. So this just designs the
front end using Nano Banana 2 and Gemini
3.1 Pro. And then later you can build
the website using something like um
anti-gravity or AI studio. So pretty
powerful stuff. A lot of updates coming
out from Google right there. And all of
them um are pretty powerful to use.
Stitch is free to use. Notebook is free
to use with the custom infographics
update. And then Gemini 31 flashlight is
free to use as well. So just to recap
here,
what are all the updates from Google? So
just to recap, um, and why should you
care as well, I guess, is a probably a
big answer here. So here's the thing.
Google didn't just release one cool tool
this week. They released seven major
updates across AR models, video
creation, design tools, search developer
benchmarks, and more, right? And most
people had no idea this happened. So
number one is Flashlight, which is the
cheapest, fastest AR model goo was ever
made. It's two and a half times faster
at giving you a first response compared
to the previous model Gemini 2.5 Flash
and generates output 45% overall, right?
45% faster. Also, you get thinking
levels inside there. What that means is
basically developers can choose
different depths of thinking. So,
minimal, low, medium, or high depending
on the task. And then also, you've got
the notebook LM cinematic videos
feature. You have the infographic
styles, canvas mode, Android benchmarks,
ground source, and Gemini 3.1 in flash.
So, thanks very much for watching. That
is basically everything on the new
Google updates from this week. As
promised, let's have a look what
questions we got inside the chat.
Actually, I'll show you the AR profit
boredom and then we can get into the
questions. So, if you haven't already,
check out the AR Profit Bedom link in
the comments description. This is an
amazing AI community um that's focused
on helping us grow, learn, and scale
with AI automation. You get all of my
best trainings inside the classroom. You
can learn from my uh weekly video AI
automation coaching session. You can
jump on these live coaching sessions,
ask questions in real time. Inside the
map, you can meet people in your local
area. And also inside here, you get
access to all my best training. So you
can go from like beginner to expert with
AI automation and learn how to build
your first AI agent in under five
minutes. You can also, for example, get
my best playbooks on how to automate X,
newsletter, shorts, Instagram, AI,
avatar videos. Additionally, we do new
daily updates inside this section. So,
for example, we've got a full six-hour
course on Open Claw. You can see that
yesterday we reviewed stuff like
Plexica, Kilo Claw, and everything else,
which is pretty cool. And we add new
daily updates here. If you want to get
all the video notes on the new Google AI
updates, you can get that right there.
And then also, you can learn how to get
more clients with the agency course, you
can watch about the video coaching
course. You can learn how to rank number
one with AICO. But then you can also
learn how to grow a YouTube channel
based on what's working for me right
there.