Nvidia Neatron 3 Super is now available
for free on Olama. And today we're going
to be testing out. I'll show you exactly
how to use it, how to run it locally.
We'll break down exactly what Neatron 3
Super is and why it's different. I'll
show you how to install it for free with
O Lama in under 5 minutes. We'll build
and show you some automation workflows
and I'll show you how to connect it um
to whatever tool you want using this.
Right. So, if you're wondering, okay,
what is Neatron
uh 3 super? How does it perform, etc.?
So you can see some examples of the
benchmarks right here. This is a brand
new release from Nvidia. It literally
just came out and you can see how it
performs on the benchmarks. Right now
the difference between say Claude Opus
4.5 and GB 5.4 on these benchmarks is
that Neatron can be run locally. Right?
So you can actually run this for free
locally with Olama, which is what I'm
showing you today. And it's a brand new
AI model dropped by it's 120 billion
parameters total but only activates 12
billion at a time called a mixture of
experts architecture. That means you get
a lot of intelligence but you get
lightweight compute power right it also
has a million token context window so
you can in you can feed it like for
example your entire business documents
um entire code bases entire SAPs without
it losing track. You can see all the
details on how it works right here and
it's it's available for free. Now you
can see how it performs on the
benchmarks. Usually I don't pay
attention to the benchmarks um so much.
And also the difference here is like you
can run this on the cloud too, right? So
you can see here it's a big model,
right? 87 GB pretty big. Bear in mind
the sorry just to recreor myself there.
It's 256K on the context window, not a
million. But yeah, you can see the
details here. So you can run it on cloud
or you can run it locally. Right? Bear
in mind if you run it locally, you do
need a strong setup because it's 87 GB,
which is a pretty big model if you ask
me. So, we're going to have a look at
how to use it,
why it matters, my framework for
personally using it, etc. And I'll show
you how to get this set up. Okay, so
If you want to set this up with O Lama,
first thing you're going to do is
download O Lama. If you don't know how
to do that, you can either download it
right here, right? So, you can just
click on download O Lama or what you can
do is you can copy and paste this
command into your terminal, right? And
this will install OpenClaw directly.
Sorry, not OpenClaw. O Lama. Now, when
you're using O Lama, it's free to
download. Once you've done that, you can
then go to the model section over here.
All right. And you would just scroll
down to Neatron 3 Super. Now, if you run
this locally and install it locally, as
I've said before, it's a big model,
right? 87 GB. So, you need a really good
setup to run this. Now, I'll show you
how this works. So, for example, if you
wanted to run with Neatron locally using
the big model download, then you would
just open up OAM. So, make sure you have
it running over here. Then you're going
to go to your terminal and you can plug
in this command like so. And that'll
begin to open the model. Now, as I said,
depending on your setup, this could slow
you down. Let's see how it performs on
on mine. I'm running this on a Mac
Studio. So, you can see my setup right
here. We're running this on a Apple M4
Max. So, to run the cloud model with
make sure you have running, then you're
going to take this command and type run
first, right? So you type O Lama run and
then you paste that in and that's how
you can start using
the cloud model inside O Lama. You also
have another option which is you can
open up Alarma itself the app and then
you can actually select Neatron 3 super
directly here. Right. So that's the
other option. If you want a nice UI, you
can use it inside Nemetron 3 super here.
I would also be interested to know if
it's running inside LM Studio which is
another kind of alternative to using
something like Olama. So, let's go over
to the model search
and we'll have a look. Yeah, look at
that. So, you can use it um inside here,
too. It's huge model. You've got
different options for this as well. So,
you could use Neatron 3 Nano, which is a
smaller model, an older model, but you
could use that if you want to run this
locally, too. So, if you type in Neatron
3 Super, you can see a bunch of options
right here. Um, but the only one that
looks like a relevant release is this
one from 9 hours ago, right? So if we
want to start using this, let's just
check if it's working. Yep. So it's
pretty fast and it's easy to use with
the cloud model. And then if you wanted
to use it inside, for example, like
something like um claw codeex or open
code, it's pretty simple and easy. So
what you can do here is you would open
up a new window. If you want to run this
locally with, for example, claw code,
then you would just copy and paste this
command and paste it in like that.
Right? Now, if you want to use the cloud
model, you just add to the end of this
super cloud. Right? And now that'll
launch claw code with neatron 3 super
cloud. There you go. Right. So now you
can see that neatron 3 super cloud is
plugged into core code. So now let's try
creating a new website. So I'm going to
say create a new
using the details and then I'll paste in
the
copyright I want to add inside here. So
you can see that it's working straight
away. Super fast to respond and it's now
writing the HTML. And now you can see
we've got the full code block right here
from Neatron 3 Super. So it's fast. It's
responsive. Seems to work pretty well.
Let's just test out this HTML. See what
it looks like in action. So I've tested
the code
inside LiveWeave. This is the code from
Neatron 3 Super that we ran via OAMA.
And you can see the output of the
website here. Now, I'm not going to like
tell you that's as good as something
like uh Claude Opus 4.5, but it does the
job and it it did create the page
locally. You could always improve
the design and that sort of thing, but
it was easy to set up and it was easy to
get it working. So, that is Neatron 3
super. What we've actually done is
create a super agent stack framework for
using this with O Lama. So, the
framework has three layers, right? And
this is inside the video notes from
today. So, layer one is a brain. You got
Neatron 3 Super running locally via
Alama and this can handle all your
reasoning, planning, writing, decision-
making. Bear in mind if you're running
it on the cloud, obviously it's not
running locally and that depends on your
setup. So either way, you can run it
locally or you can run it in the cloud.
Then you've got layer 2, the agent. So
this is powered by the Neatron Super 3
model. And then you've got the
workflows, right? So you could connect
this to, for example, like NA10 or that
sort of thing. Um, and the old way was
like manually writing every prompt,
manually copying and pasting outputs,
manually posting content, etc. The new
way is you could build like a local AI
agent stack that does the research, the
writing, the outreach, and the content
for you. I've shown you how to set it
up. It's just like a couple of simple
terminal commands. And we actually have
a 30-day plan for implementing this
stuff. So, if you want to go from like
beginning to install it to, for example,
like building your own um customer FAQ
bot or for example using this to
automate content for your business, etc.
We've got a full step-by-step uh 30-day
plan inside the video notes today. But
the main point here is like you can use
this, you can use this as a cloud model
and it's free to use, right? So, some
people say, well, I need a massive
server to run a powerful AR model. And
that's the old belief, right? The fact
is Neatron 3 Super can run via one
terminal command on OAM just using the
cloud-based prompt. It's pretty simple
and easy to use it. Of people say, well,
free AR models always worse than paid
ones. Obviously, for this one, it
depends what you're doing. But I would
say it's a pretty powerful model if
you're just giving it simple tasks and
if you need something quick and free to
use.
And then additionally, some people say,
well, I'm not technical enough to run
local models, right? But literally all
you do is you set up a llama, and this
was built for non-technical people, so
you can run AI models, right? The
installation takes 5 minutes. You just
click a button, and then it's one
command in your terminal, and the model
is running, right? So you don't need any
technical knowledge to use this. By the
way, if you're inside the AR profitable
volume already and you're wondering,
okay, how to get access to this guide.
So you go to the SOP update section. So
classroom SOP updates
and then Neatron 3 Super plus OAM. And
you can full find the full step guide uh
right here. Right. So that's basically
it for Neatron Super and how to use it.
It's powerful model from Nvidia. We've
tested out. It runs pretty fast locally.
You can use it for free and it's just
like a quick terminal command that you
can use as well. We have a full
framework for using this stuff along
with a 30-day road map on how to use it.
dedicated to helping you learn, grow,
and scale with AI automation. So, you
You can connect with cool people.
There's always people online which means
that you can meet awesome people all the
time. Inside the calendar, we have four
week coaching calls. You can get help
and support whenever you need to. Inside
the map, you can connect with local
people inside your area, DM them, jump
on a Zoom call, etc. And inside the
classroom here, you get access to all of
my best trainings. If you're wondering,
okay, like, you know, are people getting
results of this? What's the feedback so
far? So, you can see we actually have
over 136 pages of testimonials from
people winning with AI automation,
right? So, here's an example from Caden.
These are real people, real testimonials
lots of people winning and getting
awesome results with it. Right? This is
basically an infinite scroll of 136
pages um of wins. So, it's pretty
awesome. Here's another one, right? So,
if you want to get my best trainings for
this, you can go inside the classroom
here as well and you can go from
beginner to expert and learn how to
build your first AI agent with AI
automation inside this section right
here. If you want to learn how I
automate my business, so for example,
and shorts and Instagram, you can learn
that inside this section. If you want to
get my daily updates, including the
guide from today, you can get that
inside the SOP update section. And you
can see here, for example, we have a
full 6-hour course on how to use Open
Call, another 3-hour right here, and a
bunch of other cool trainings that we
update daily. So, it's it's a very
training all the time as well.
Additionally, you can learn how to get
more clients with the agency course. You
can watch back the coaching course if
you didn't make them live. You can learn
how to rank number one with AI SEO. And
you can also learn how to grow a YouTube
channel with AI based on what's working
for me with this road map. So that's all
inside the comments description or go to
the aiprofitboard.com.