Today I'm going to run you through the
latest update from Open Claw and we're
just going to get straight into this. So
there's a new free update from Open
Claw. You can see here it's 3.12 and
it's 12th of March and there's four new
big headlines. So number one is
dashboard v2. Number two is fast mode
for models. So you can actually move a
lot faster. Number three is Lama
plugins. There's also device tokens and
now chron schedule task help you through
each update today. If you're not sure
how to update, basically what you can do
is you can either ask claw code to help
you update to the latest version of
openclaw or the other option that you
have is you can just go um and make into
your dashboard and you'll see a
notification at the top that says update
now, right? And then it will take a
couple of minutes to download and from
there you can quickly update. Now here's
the full change log. So this just came
out 5 hours ago. These are the full
details on the new open claw update and
I'll talk you through each one in a
simple guide today and show you exactly
how this works and what the difference
is. All right, so let's talk about
what's changed um and how it works. So
what has changed? Well, the old
dashboard was functional but basic. The
new one dashboard version two is a
completely redesigned control interface.
So what's inside this new dashboard?
Basically there's five brand new views.
So you've got overview which you can see
over here. All right. So if you have a
look you can see that we've got overview
set up right here. This is basically the
full setup of the general overview.
Right. And that's just how you can see
everything happening in your gateway at
a glance. Number two is chat. Right? So
you can actually talk to your AI
directly inside here too which is over
here. Right? So you got this chat
section. Now number three is the config.
Right? So you can actually change your
settings inside the config settings
here. And you can see there's a bunch of
different settings at the top. Right? So
you got settings, environment,
authentication, updates, right? So you
can also update right here. And it just
looks a little bit different. Like
before, you have to scroll down to get
all the update sections. Now it just
looks a lot cleaner, a lot nicer. You've
also got a setup for CLI, ACP,
diagnostics, logging, and then your main
settings right there. All right. So that
is part three of the dashboard. And part
four is the agents. You can actually
watch and control your agents. So the
way that you do that is you can go to
this agent section on the left hand
side. So you can go down to agents here
and then you can switch between files,
tools, skills, channels and schedule
tasks. Right now you can also switch
between two different agents here and
you can also change the model over here
as well. Right? So you can actually
click on this dropdown and select which
model your agent use. Basically the
APIs, right? So you can switch between
models really quickly right there. And
then the final thing is the session,
right? So you can see all of your active
conversations and sessions inside the
session section here. Right? So you can
see an example right here um of when it
was used, what happened, what it was
doing, and these are all the open
sessions. Right? So quite a lot's
changed inside the dashboard, and that
is dashboard v2. Now there's also a
bunch of new features inside the
dashboard, too. So now you can actually
use slash commands uh to quick to
trigger quick actions. So if you want to
do that for example um you can go inside
the chat here and use slash commands
right you can search and find any past
message instantly. You can export so you
can actually download your chat history
too and you've got this download option.
So you see that we can click on the
download and actually see the chat
history there. And then the final thing
is pinned messages. So, you can actually
pin different messages uh that you've
been working on recently, right? And
there's also this sound option and a
delete option there, too. You see,
you've got a bunch of different tools
inside here now as well. Now, if you're
on mobile, if you're using the mobile
app, there are now bottom tabs on
mobile, so the dashboard works properly
on your phone, and there's also a
command pallet like a search bar that
lets you jump anywhere instantly. So,
the bottom line is the new dashboard
looks much more professional. It feels
faster, and it gives you much more
control um over your entire setup. Now,
here's a big change. This is fast mode
for AI models. So, when you need answers
right now, not in like 5 seconds, you
can use fast mode. And some AI providers
provide a fast tier, right? A version of
their model that responds quickly. So,
OpenCaw now supports toggling this on or
off at the session level. Now, there's
three ways you can toggle this on. You
can do it inside the chat. So, you can,
for example, type in slashfast inside
the chat here like that, right? And that
will actually switch on fast mode for
you. So you can switch it on or off like
this. And then the other option is you
can use the terminal interface, right?
So if you're using the terminal, you can
use that as well. And then you can set
it inside the control UI dashboard.
Right? So if you want to trigger um the
fast mode inside
here, you can also go to the control
section as well um for the models. So
it's pretty cool. There's a bunch of
cool stuff you can do right this. And
then also you might be wondering, okay,
which AI models actually support fast
mode? Not all of them support that,
right? So there's two major ones that
support this. Bear in mind if you do
trigger fast mode, you can go through
tokens quicker. So just be aware of that
before you start using it or just use it
when you need to. But now you can use
that with GPT 5.4, right? So OpenClaw
now sends a right request format to
unlock fast mode for open eye models.
And then also the other option is
anthropic. Right? So, OpenClaw maps the
fast toggle to Anthropics. Basically,
what this means is if you're in hurry,
forward/fast gets your AI responses
delivered faster and now it works
correctly for both OpenAI and Anthropic.
Now, change number three, Olama VLM
and SG Lang are now plugins, right? So,
what does that mean? Well, before this
update, Olama VLLM and SG Lang were
baked directly into Open Core's core
code. That made the core heavier and
harder to maintain. Now they've been
moved on to the provider plug-in
architecture. Now what does that
actually mean? Well, basically there's a
cleaner setup if you want to run local
models or cloud models with open with
easier troubleshooting. So you can fix
problems quicker, faster updates for
you can also choose between a model as
well and the right provider plug-in
activates automatically. If you're
wondering what's a provider plugin, it's
kind of like an app on your phone. Open
core is the phone and Olama V LLM and SG
lang are now apps you install on the
phone not features built into the phone
itself. Right? So the bottom line is if
you're using any of these local models
like for example your setup works the
same as before. The architecture is
cleaner and therefore more reliable and
faster moving forward. So that's
basically how it works. Now you can also
select between different channels. You
got audio options as well. Um all sorts
of cool stuff here. You can actually
change the appearance as well. So you
can change between the themes here. And
you've got different modes inside your
settings as well on the appearance
section, right, which is really cool.
You can also change the appearance and
the UI. And you've also got a setup
wizard right here as well. So there's
all these cool different things and
different features that are popping up
here. You see here we've got the AI and
agent section here. So we've got agents,
models, skills, tools, memory, and also
sessions too. Bear in mind there's been
a ton of updates recently inside
OpenCore, but these are some of the
newest features that just came out in
this new section as well. Now there was
also another update to uh device tokens
right so when you paired a device like
your phone to open claw the pairing
process um would last longer you know
and these tokens could be embedded in QR
codes or chat messages so if someone
incepted one well they could potentially
access your open claw right the new
system um basically means that these
expire faster which means that it's kind
of the it it lasts less time and is
faster Um, and these expire faster,
right? So, connecting new devices to
your OpenCloud gateway is just a lot
more secure. And there's a bunch of
security patches as you can see right
here. For example, for plugins, um,
uni-ode characters, all sorts of cool
stuff like you can see right here.
Finally, there's a bunch of new updates
to fash line zo and you can see some
more improvements on schedule tasks,
right? So, basically, this avoids
duplicate message prevention. Um, and
also you've got uh a bunch of other
options here. There's some options for
Windows as well. So native updates now
work if you use the open claw update
command. That was actually failing on
Windows previously, but now you can
actually use it. And finally, you've got
the agent and sub aent improvements,
right? So basically your AI agents just
got smarter and more reliable. And
basically you can use something called
orchestrators, right? The AI that
manages other AIs. And this can call
something called sessions yield, right?
So, it's like basically you can say to
the AI agent, I'm done with this step.
Um, here's what comes next, but don't
announce it yet. Right? Some other stuff
right here for ACP. Um, a bunch of
Telegram fixes as you can see, other
fixes to Kimmy and Moonshot, but the
main ones were dashboard v2. So, a
completely rebuilt UI with five
views/comands, mobile tabs, and a
command pallet. Fast mode, that is a bit
of a game changer. As we all know like
sometimes open claw can be a bit slow
and that sort of thing. If you're
wondering how to update your open claw
then basically you can either say inside
the chat update now you can use the
openclaw update terminal command. You
can click the button inside the
dashboard or if you're not sure about
any of those just open up claw code and
ask cloud code to update to the latest
version. And that's basically how you
can do this. So and also you know the
alarm plugin as well is quite a big one
plus some security fixes. So that is
basically it. Now, if you want to get a
30-day plan, um, and a full list of 100
prompts you can use with OpenClaw, plus
a six-hour course on how to use this,
another three-hour course right here,
all the video notes from today, and some
other cool stuff, like, for example,
recently we covered how to manage um
your assistance for AI inside OpenClaw
and claw code inside one interface with
AON. I actually covered that earlier
today along with a bunch of other
updates on how to use, for example, free
APIs like Hunter and Heila Alpha with
Open Core. You get all of my daily new
boardroom. Right? So, we have tons of
trainings inside here on how to use
OpenClaw, how to get set up, etc. You
You can jump on weekly coaching calls.
We have an awesome map where you can
meet people locally. And we have all of
my best trainings inside the classroom
as well, like you can see. So, that's
in the comments description or just go
to the arprofitboardroom.com.
You can see a bunch of our testimonials
and reviews right here. There's lots of
awesome people just getting awesome
results and you can join us inside here
if you want to. All right, thanks so
much for watching. Appreciate as always.
I'll see you on the next one. Cheers.