Today we're going to be talking about
how to make claw code 100 times better
in one single click using a new
extension called the free AI dream team.
Right. Basically what it does is it
turns your claw code into an agency um
using 61 specialists and is free to set
up. So I'm going to show you exactly how
it works. It's a free open source
project on GitHub that just exploded to
over 12,000 stars. It could completely
change how you use tools like for
example Claude Cursor and Gemini. And
I'm going to break down everything you
need to know even if you've never
touched GitHub before. All right, so
this is the update as you can see. And
basically what it does is it gives
Claude code a bunch of AI specialists
that they can start using. Now if you
want to get started with this, you can
just copy this command into claw code.
So let's get started with that. Open up
a new window here and we'll run claw
code.
We'll paste that in and cl code can set
this all up for you. Right? So you can
see we've literally installed that
straight away. It says your agents are
installed and organized into categories.
Here's what you have. So you have an
engineering team and a design team.
Right? Plus you've got more agent
specialists with marketing, product,
product management, everything else,
right? So these are basically skills
that you install to your core code or to
cursor as well. And basically what it
does is it gives you an AI agency um
with like front-end developers. You've
got, for example, um, agents for all
sorts of specialists, as you can see,
senior developers. There's a bunch of
marketing agents as well inside there,
which is pretty awesome. So, for
example, like a content creator,
Instagram curator, Reddit community
builder, all sorts of cool stuff right
here. Right. So, now what we can do is
we can say, okay, use a front-end
developer agent to build out a new
website. So, let's test out. I'm going
to test this out for the AR profit
boardroom and we'll use this new agency
team to build out a new website uh for
the AI profit boardroom community.
Right. So, I'm going to say create a new
website
for the AI profit boardroom, my AI
automation community
using the content below.
and make sure you use the front end
developer to build it. Stick to HTML
as a simple landing page.
Copy below and then I'll just add the
copy from the website and we'll see if
it can build out something better than
we've already got. Now, what you could
actually do is you could have like
multiple sessions open. So, you could
open up a new window here and you could
have Claude running agents for something
else, right? So, we could say, okay, do
this, right? And you can see how it's
using the Reddit uh community builder
skill that we've installed. So you can
see it's it's using that front-end
developer um sub agent and it's spawning
one right there to build out the website
that we just asked it to create. Now you
might be asking, okay, what is the
agency like? What what's all this about?
You know, the agency agents uh GitHub
project. Well, basically think of it
like this, right? Imagine walking into a
building um and picking from like 61
different experts. for example, like a
front-end developer, a brand designer, a
Reddit marketing specialist, right? Each
one knows exactly what they're doing.
Each one has its own unique personality
and style. And each one gives you like
real actionable deliverables, right? And
so that's what the agency is. So it's a
collection of 61 agent files you can
plug into tools like Cloud Code, Cursor,
Windsurf, Gemini, CLI, and more. And
when you load one of these agents, your
AI tool literally transforms into a
specialist. So it's not like at like a
developer. It's a deeply crafted
personality with workflows, success
metrics, um, code examples, and a
specific communication style. Now, one
thing I want to say before you install
anything like this is I always check the
skillmd files. You just want to be
careful before you install anything
external. I do it for fun to show you as
experiments on YouTube. But if you're
not sure about installing any of this or
you don't want to do it, etc., don't
install it. Like, just watch my videos
and learn from it. And also check the
skillmd files. You can run them through
claude as well. You could even rewrite
them yourself and then install them
yourself instead. But the main thing is
like just be careful when you do install
skills to something like claw code. So
for example, when you activate the
front-end developer agent for example,
your AI suddenly knows React Angular
deeply. It follows a specific workflow
for building UIs. It measures um core
web vitals. It has a personality and
voice that keeps things focused and it's
like going from a random intern or
something like claw code straight out of
the box to a senior specialist
instantly. Right now, there's nine
divisions inside the team that you
install. So, the agency is organized
into nine departments just like a real
company. So, you got like the
engineering division, design division,
um, and we've got the website ready to
preview right here. So, let's open this
up. And you can also see, uh, inside the
other window, we got the Reddit
community builder, um, to give us like a
30-day quick start plan, uh, core
principles, and also, uh, tools that we
can use as well. So, it's really
interesting how it's built out. And, um,
I say open this up. So, this is the new
website we built. And boom, we've got
the new website right there. So, it's
created the full website as you can see.
Fake cues.
Pretty nice setup. Um, nice animation
when it runs through the page. Super
simple in the way that's designed, but
it looks nice, right? And so, that was
fully automated using that new agency
team. Now, that was just a quick
example, but there's so much more you
could do with this. And if we actually
compare it side by side. So, exactly the
same content, but look at the way that
it's designed. So, this is the original.
This is the new version. You see how
it's got like a nice little banner at
the top? It's designed nicely. It's got
like these nice UI elements. The new
version looks me much better than the
old version. This is the old version.
This is the new version, right? Using
that new um agency setup with the
specialist. So, it's a pretty cool tool.
You also got like a testing division
support um specialized as well. And if
you want to set it up, like I said, you
can just go into claw code, give it that
command. We've got the setup
instructions inside the video notes from
today in the AR profit boarding, but
that's basically it. And then in terms
of like real world examples, I've shown
you how I built a new website using this
agent team, but you could for example
like activate five agents at once and
you could create like a you know a new
marketing campaign. So you can say okay
content creator developers campaign
Twitter engager handles extract G etc.
So let's try that. So we're going to
take this um example use case here.
We'll go back into
the builder and we're going to say,
okay, now create a marketing campaign
for the AI profit border
using the agency. And then we're going
to stack five marketing agents together,
right? So, we're going to create
multiple sub agents together that
working together in Cycl code. And
again, like you don't need to be
technical to use this. You're literally
just speaking in plain language. It's
really, really simple and easy to use.
So it's now launching the content
creator to develop the full campaign
strategy and it's launching all five
agents in parallel right now. So it's
set up the Twitter engager as well and
you can see how it's working step by
step. Right now you might be thinking as
well at this point okay what makes this
different from say just using your
normal workflows. Well, you know, if
you're using generic prompts that say,
for example, like act like a developer,
the agency gives you a developer with a
personality, um, a process, code
examples, a specific workflow, right?
And prompt libraries that give you like
one-off prompts you use once and forget.
The agency gives you like a full agent
system you can use and reuse forever,
right? So, um, it's a lot more specific.
And if we just look at the numbers here,
you can see how it works. And it works
with seven tools, right? So it supports
C code, cursor, wind surf, ADA, um, open
code and anti-gravity. I did try setting
this up inside open claw as well, but
with open claw, it seemed to struggle
and it actually came back to me and said
like it's not designed for this, right?
So don't use it inside open claw. So I
think you could use it inside openclaw,
but it wouldn't be as clean and it'd be
a lot more messy than using something
like claw code, which you can see like
formats it perfectly. Um, works in just
a couple of minutes, sets everything up
really nicely, and uh, it's it's
organized it nicely, too. So you got the
agent team here um all working together
the status the deliverables so what it's
going to do. So for example like the
Instagram curator will create 30 post
concepts um some scripts story strategy
etc. Pretty cool. So just to recap the
agency is a free collection of 61
specialist AI agents on GitHub. Each
agent has a unique personality workflow
deliverables and metrics. It works with
core code cursor windsurf gemini cli
open code and anti-gravity. There are
nine divisions. So you've got
engineering, design, marketing, product,
project management, uh testing, support,
spatial computing, and specialized. You
can set it up literally in one click, as
I've done today. It's open source as
well, so you can use it however you
want. It has 12,000 stars on GitHub. I
honestly don't pay too much attention to
that because that can be manipulated.
But the main point is instead of using
generic AI prompts, you can get
specialists and you can set up an AI
dream team like we've done today and
create really good outputs like we did
with this website. And that's basically
how it works. and the new website is
much nicer than the old website. So,
thanks so much for watching. If you want
to get all the video notes from today,
you can get that inside the AI profit
boardroom. This is my AI automation
community that helps you save time,
scale, and grow with AI automation.
That's 2,600 members. So, inside the
community, you can ask questions, get
help, get support whenever you need to.
You can also jump on weekly video
coaching calls. So, we have four weekly
video coaching calls where you can jump
on a live Zoom meeting, ask questions,
get help and support in real time. You
can see our testimonials right here. So
we actually have over
135 pages of wins with people just
getting awesome results with the AR
profit boarding as you can see. So lots
of cool wins here and this is basically
an infinite scroll of of um you know
people getting results with this stuff
which is what we love to see. Also
you can meet cool people in your local
area. You can join our daily
accountability group so you can post
your goals and stay held accountable and
see what other people working on as well
and connect with cool people who are
working on the same stuff inside the
classroom too. You can also see our best
training. So for example, you can go
from beginner to expert with AI
automation and learn how to build your
first AI agent in under 5 minutes. You
can also for example get my best
playbooks on how I automate X and
newsletters and shorts and Instagram and
AI avatar videos using this too.
Additionally, you can get my latest SP
updates. So basically what we do inside
this section is we look at all the new
updates. We create video tutorials on
them and we create step-by-step guides
on exactly how to use them and implement
them and what they mean. We also have a
full six-hour course on open core here
and another three-hour course on open
core as well and that gets updated daily
and I talk you through every single
update. Top of that you can learn how to
get more clients with the agency course.
You can watch about the coaching course
over here. You can learn how to rank
number one with AIO and then you can
also learn how to grow a YouTube channel
based on what's working for me with AI.
So that's all inside our profit boarding
link in the comments description or just
go to the aip profitboarding.com. Thanks
for watching. Appreciate it.