Claude just quietly dropped a brand new
free update and it's available right now
on the free plan of Claude. You can now
build powerful interactive charts,
diagrams, and visual dashboards directly
inside your chat. Not a file, not a
download right there in the conversation
real time. You type what you want in
plain English. Claude actually builds it
in front of you using this new
interactive charts, diagrams, and
visualizations update. So, I'm going to
show you exactly what it looks like,
what you can build with it, and how to
start using it inside your business
today. even if you've never made
anything like this before. So, let's get
straight into this. So, basically, you
see the new announcement right here.
Basically, what it does, it creates
these like awesome diagrams and
visualizations directly inside the chat.
So, here's an example, right? I said
inside here, show me how AI will impact
jobs. And then it's actually created
this beautiful different uh diagram
inside the chat here. And we can
actually click between these. We can get
more information. You can see the roles
most effective, the different
departments that it affects in the
different industries, the percentage,
it's all colorcoded as well, which is
crazy. You can change the timeline over
here as well. Then you can see the
skills that matter, right? And it's just
created like basically a mini app
directly inside the chat that looks
better than most different UIs and
websites he use. And we just created it
on the go um in a quick simple prompt.
So, how does this work and what is the
update? So Claude creates interactive
charts, diagrams and visualizations. And
basically what this allows you to do is
build real visuals in real time, right?
So the Claude conversations already had
artifacts, right? And these are like
permanent tools and that sort of thing,
but these charts and diagrams and
visualizations are quite different. So
these are really to help you understand
and learn more um by understanding the
topic that you're talking about. Right?
So they appear directly inside the chat
whereas normally with artifacts you get
them on the right hand side over here.
You can share the diagrams you create.
So you can click on share here and then
share this with other people. And then
also inside here here's a couple of
examples. So
you could uh you can see how this has
created a interactive version of the
periodic table which is pretty crazy.
And then this is really cool for like
learning stuff or just understanding
stuff better. Right. So
all you do if you want to get this
working is you just say show me and then
how whatever you want to learn right so
for example here we could say okay show
me the data on AI automation
in businesses today and then you can see
here it's actually broke down the
numbers created some nice charts it's
still working so it's still building out
live as we're talking about this but
basically we're at the key stats and
like a beautiful dashboard inside claude
and again this is available on the free
plan. So I think what this is great for
is really like learning about something
or getting the statistics on something
super quickly doing quick research. So
you can see for example here it's broken
down all the key stats adoption by
industry
enterprise AI maturity stages and then
it's given us a nice bar chart here of
like AI adoption inside businesses with
projections as well and then it's also
broken it down by like the top benefits
reported and the full picture right it
basically uses web research to find all
the key stats and then it breaks down
the data and the charts directly here so
it looks pretty awesome and super easy
to use as well so let's talk about The
framework that I recommend for this, the
visual intelligence stack, right? So,
Anthropic officially released this new
feature inside chords chat interface.
It's currently in beta. It's available
on all plan types, including free. And
what it does now is it can build
interactive charts, diagrams, and
visualizations. These are not save files
or downloadable documents. They appear
live in the conversation as you talk.
They change and update as the
conversation evolves. And you can ask
Claude to tweak them, go deeper, or
adjust them. Right? back inside the chat
here and we're like, "Okay,
change the colors to my brand colors."
Right? Let's say you were going to
present this data. You could change the
colors inside the chart and um then
basically Claude will look at the charts
it's created and basically repaint them
in my brand colors, which is pretty
cool, right? And then I could use it
inside a presentation or that sort of
thing. You don't need to be up to code
to use this. Claude just decides on its
own when to add a visual or you can ask
it directly. And then I've already shown
you some examples. So this is a
framework really for turning Claude's
new visual feature into a system that
gets you more customers, more visibility
um without hiring developers, uh
designers or writing more copy and that
sort of thing. Right? So you got the
visual brain itself where you can give
prompts, you can get diagrams,
comparison charts, timeline
visualizations, data dashboards and that
sort of thing. And then from here you
can actually use this inside your
content, right? So for example, you
could use it inside your funnels, inside
presentations, inside the videos that
you present, etc. And you can customize
it all to your brand colors like you can
see here as an example. And this is way
more engaging, right? So if you're
presenting to a client or to an audience
or that sort of thing. You know, the new
ways really to build a diagram in real
time and share the screen on on
screenshot, right? It's more
professional, it's more memorable, it's
more persuasive. And you know these
could include for example building a
visual proposal, creating service
comparison charts, building a build
before and after diagram, right?
Creating a roadmap visualization or
building an interactive explainer for a
confusing concept in your niche, right?
So for example here, if we go back to
the chat and we're like, okay, show me
how backlinks work for SEO or show me
the key data in the SEO industry, right?
And then if you need to present like
something that's
too complex for most people to
understand sometimes or most people
don't understand and you need to present
it and help them learn in really in a
real quickly way, then you can create a
visualization like you can see here,
right? And it just builds out the
visualization directly inside the chat.
So that's basically it. We have a full
30-day plan on mastering this with
step-by-step prompts as you can see
right here. So every single day of this
30-day road map has step-by-step prompts
inside the video notes from today. Some
people will say, "Well, I'm not creative
to make visuals, you know, and that was
the old belief." But really, you don't
need to be creative, right? You just
need to know what you want, and Claude
can do the rest by describing what you
want in plain English. Other people say,
"Well, visuals take too much time to le
to to make, right, with Canva or
something like that, right?" But the
fastest content creators in 2026 don't
work faster. They just prompt smarter
with prompts like you can see here. This
created a nice little flow diagram um
explaining exactly how backlinks work
and how to use them. uh what are good
backlinks and what are bad backlinks
etc. So anyone can understand that
diagram in a quick um two-minute
explainer. So that's basically it. And
then we also have list of 100 prompts
you can use for using AI and this new
claude update for free. So you can see a
list of 100 prompts and a 30-day road
map for mastering this all inside the
video notes from today inside the AI
learn and grow. And it's a helpful
learning and growing with AI automation.
So, if you want to get access to an
questions and get help and support, you
can fix things quickly, you can share
your problems if they break and we'll
help and support you. You can also meet
people in your local area, which is
pretty cool. So, it's kind of like a
network where you can zoom in on your
local area and meet people.
Additionally, inside the classroom, you
get access to all my best trainings. And
if you need or want to jump on a live
Zoom call where you get AI automation
coaching in real time, you can share
your screen, ask questions, see what
other members are working on, meet other
members, you can do that four times a
week inside the calendar right here.
Now, at this point, we have over 137
pages of testimonials from people just
winning with AI, right? So, there's lots
of cool stuff going on. Lots of people
getting results. And um you can see it's
like pretty much an infinite scroll of
awesome wins and results and people just
getting awesome uh stuff right here with
AI automation, which is pretty inspiring
for me to see. So, inside the classroom
here, you can get access to all of our
best trainings. So, for example, you can
go from beginner to expert with AI
automation and learn how to build your
first AI agent in under 5 minutes. You
example, you can learn how I automate
Instagram, AI avatar videos. And then
inside the SOP update section, this is
this is where we update things daily,
right? So you can see, for example, here
we have a full 6-hour course on
OpenClaw, another 3-hour course right
here. We add new daily updates and video
tutorials with step-by-step guides,
30-day road maps, and 100 prompts for
all the new updates that come out. And
then additionally, you can learn how to
get more clients with the agency course.
You can watch about the coaching calls
if you miss them live. You can learn how
to rank number one with AI SEO. And you
can also learn how to grow a YouTube
channel based on working for me. So
boardroom link in the comments
description or just go to the
aiprofitboarding.com.