Google Pomelli just went global. If you
haven't heard of Pomelli, Google built a
free AI tool that basically creates
entire marketing campaigns for you. You
give it your website,  it scans
your brand, your colors, your fonts,
your style, your tone of voice, and then
it can create social media posts, ads,
 banners, captions, everything,
all matching your brand perfectly. It
even has a new feature called photo
shoot where you take a picture of your
product and  you know, even if
it's like terrible lighting or messy
background or whatever, it can turn it
into professional studio quality photos
for free. And this tool was previously
only available in four countries. Not
anymore. Google just expanded Pali to
over 170 countries and territories. That
means no matter where you are, you can
basically use this. So today I'm going
to walk you through  the entire
thing, set it up, and show you what this
tool can actually do for your brand. So
here's an example of Pomelli here. Um it
works in three simple steps. So number
one, you're going to enter your website.
Number two, you get campaign ideas.
Number three, you generate creatives
from here. So we can get started like
so. Then we just plug in our website
like this. And now it will analyze the
website. Now that'll take about 10
minutes to analyze. But basically from
there it can go off and start using
Google PL to generate whatever you want.
And here's some examples of how it works
in practice. Right? So for example here
you plug in your details of your
website. So you enter your website and
Pomelo will analyze it and create a
business DNA profile for your brand. It
will analyze your website and the
existing images on your website. And
then from there it can automatically
extract and understand your business's
unique brand identity. Right? So it
matches your tone of voice, custom
fonts, uh images, color palettes, etc.
And this is used to then generate new
ideas. So from there you can come up
with new campaign ideas, you could
generate ads, you could generate social
media images, etc. And then you can edit
and create the creatives. So here's an
example. It's kind of like it looks a
little bit like Canva. It just goes off
and and starts building stuff
automatically. Now if you go back to
Pomelly here, you can see that it's
studying our brand values, determining
our visual aesthetic. It's pulled in the
website um directly here. It will take
about 8 to 9 minutes, maybe 10 minutes
to generate that directly. In the
meantime, let me talk you through
the Pomelli expansion framework. All
right, so here's how I'm thinking about
this. Just went from limited
availability to 170 countries, and
that's a huge deal. Right now the
framework in terms of how to use this I
would call the squeeze stack because um
you know pomelly sounds like a lemon and
we're squeezing every drop of value out
of this thing. So this works in three in
sorry in five layers. So number one is
access and setup getting into pomelly
you just uh connected to your existing
Google tools make sure that uh your
region is supported but it supports 170
countries so that shouldn't be an issue.
And then from here you can start
automating and just using this to create
visual assets and uh create campaigns
that are awesome, right? Also, this is
personalized to you. It's not generic,
right? Because it's pulling in the
details of your website, who you are,
and that sort of thing. So, you can see
now that Google Prem has pulled in the
details of my agency, my website, the
logo fonts we typically use, our brand
colors, the tagline, brand values,
aesthetic, tone of voice, and we can
edit any of this, right? So, if you
click on the edit icon here, it could
change it. And then you see here, it's
actually pulled in a bunch of images
from our website, too. So, it's pulled
in the testimonials. It's pulled in some
news articles, the images of my book, my
logo, an image of me, etc. And we can
use that across our branding, too. So, I
was talking about that photo shoot
option before. We can actually create a
product uh photo shoot like this, right?
And all we do is we upload an image,
right? Now, because it's pulled in the
images from my website, we can actually
just pull in an image like this of my
book and then use that to generate a
template. Right? So, you can see here
it's beginning to load in some uh
templates like so. And if we click
create photo shoot, it can actually
generate automated photooot level images
of the book that I've created. And then
I can use that across social media. I
can quickly create uh images for this.
And bear in mind like Pomellia is free,
right? You can get access to this and
start creating brand assets straight
away, which is pretty amazing. So some
examples of what I could build, I could
build like a AI powered local SEO
content generator, right? So I could use
Pomelli to analyze trending local search
queries, feed those into Gemini to
generate like hyper local blog post uh
outlines
and then also create content using the
assets from Pomelli inside the article,
right? It's pretty cool. You could also
use this for generating like lead
magnets as well. You could create visual
dashboards. So you could automate uh
client reports using this as well. But
the main thing here is like you can
easily generate these beautiful images
like look I mean for example you've got
like an image of someone holding our
book right there. This the original
image then it's pulled it in here and
then it's also pulled it in here too
right and if we want to download that we
can just download it like so. Or we can
actually add it to the business assets.
So you add it to the business DNA so
that when it can creates campaigns in
the future you can use it again. You can
also change the ratios here, which means
like you can change it into a square or
into like a portrait image or landscape
as well and then describe exactly what
you want. And then inside the campaign
section, this is where we can actually
use campaigns based on the
brand data that I've plugged into Pomei.
Right? So we can change the aspect
ratio. We can pull in other images from
our website. It's already gone. We could
add details to our product. So we can
actually plug in the product URL over
here. So I could take the details of our
then go back to pomelly plug this in
click add it will extract the images and
the information from that page and then
we can suggest ideas from there right
now if I close that we can just use the
existing stuff that we have and we can
say okay you know create a Facebook ads
uh or social media post using this now
you can see some examples below here
right so for example it's created this
campaign based on the existing
testimonials that we have on website,
right? And then we could use that as
images for Facebook, right? We can
change the headings as well. So, we can
actually edit the headings over here. We
can change the colors and the font and
the description. And if we click on fix
layout, we can also generate a new
layout based on the existing version,
right? And then we can create multiple
versions of the same Facebook ad and use
that on like static images and that sort
of thing. Um, the other thing we can do
here is generate like images for Twitter
or images for LinkedIn, etc. using this.
So, it's a really powerful way just to
pull in a lot of personalized
information from your business, then
create loads of cool social media and
advertising content, and um it's all
automated and personalized to us in a
few clicks, like you've seen. Now,
inside the video notes from today, I do
have a 30-day plan on how to use this.
So, you can see it's a step-by-step
daily plan on how to automate this
stuff. Um, and in terms of like
empowering beliefs, you know, here are
the beliefs that maybe hold you back
from using this and the new beliefs that
replace them, right? So, some people are
going to say, well, Pomelli is a pretty
new tool. Maybe I need to wait for it to
update um before I start using it. It's
not quite ready yet. I would say the
person who experiments first learns
fastest, right? So, it's the same with
AI tools like the people who jumped on
chat GPT early didn't wait until it was
perfect. They started using it and now
they're miles ahead. Right? So, you
don't need to wait for like version two
or a new version, etc. You can open it
today and start building. And the
advantage always goes to the person who
moves first, not the person who moves
best, right? Also, some people say,
"Well, there are too many AI tools. I
don't know which one to focus on." You
don't need every tool. You just need one
stack that works, right? And the person
with the longest timeline wins. That's a
quote from Horoszi. It's really
accurate, right? The shiny object
syndrome isn't about the tools. It's
about not having a system. When you have
a framework, like I've talked you
through today. Every new tool that comes
out just goes into the existing layers
that you have, right? So, you're not
starting from scratch every single time.
You just add in new add-ons to the
machine that's already running. Right?
So for example earlier today I talked
about how to use open claw with
notebook. So you can use your existing
ecosystem then stack new tools inside
it. Other people will say well these new
AI updates don't really apply to my
business and I would say every new AI
update that you get is a new automation
you haven't built yet right so for
example might not sound exciting until
you realize what it means for your
niche. If you serve clients uh you just
unlocked new markets. If you create
content you can now test multilingual uh
can generate local localized discussion
prompts for members in in different
countries. Right? So the update
um isn't the opportunity. What you build
with it is how you use it is that's the
main thing. So that's basically it for
Pomelli. We also have 100 copy and paste
prompts for this. So if you want to
learn how to use it for research content
creation, if you want to learn how to
automate different workflows with it,
you can get that inside the video notes
from today. And just to recap, Pomelli
just expanded to 170 countries and
territories, right? and we've tested it
live today. We've created a full 30-day
plan on how to use it. And uh it's free
to use and get access to today. Plus,
all you do is you plug in your website
and then from there it can go off and
start implementing it straight away.
Right now, Le says, "The problem with AI
tools is that it's very difficult to
keep up with the updates that occur, you
know, two to three inches week." That's
actually what we do here. So, if you
we actually do is I I look at all these
updates and what I do is I create a
weekly post like this and literally this
is all you need. So, I condense 60 hours
of my research into all the new updates
and I compress that into two minutes of
reading with a quick update that looks
like this every single week, right? And
basically what it does is it breaks down
um what you can focus on and what you
can ignore and what are the most
important and useful updates that week
and so that you basically get a filter
on the information and you save time.
Also, inside here you can ask questions,
you can get help, you can get support
whenever you need to. Here's some
examples of people asking questions. We
get back to them straight away. It's a
We have over
135 pages of testimonials of people
winning with stuff like this. You can
see an example right here and another
one here. And um all the wins that
people are getting with this. And you
can also jump on weekly video coaching
calls, right? So you can meet the
support in real time. Inside the map,
you can meet local people in your area,
see what they're building. And also
inside the classroom, you get access to
all my best training. So, for example,
you can go from beginner to expert with
AI automation and learn how to build
your first AI agent in under 5 minutes,
right? You can also, for example, get my
avatar videos, Instagram shorts,
get my daily updates inside this
section. So, if you want to get a full
6-hour course on OpenClaw and another
3-hour course right here, we've got it.
If you want to get new daily updates on
the stuff that actually matters, like
for example, yesterday we covered the
new perplexity computer and called code
update with a daily plan and and a full
step-by-step guide and a video tutorial.
You can get that right here along with
all the video notes from today,
including the 30-day road map and the
100 prompts, right? So, you can get that
all inside the arriting link in the
comments description or go to the
arprofit.com. Thanks for watching and
I'll see you on the next one. Cheers.
Stop.