Genpark just launched their competitor
to Open Claw. Genpark AI workspace 3.0,
your first AI employee. And the real
news is Genpark claw is now powered by
Genpark cloud computer. Kind of like
Publix computer. This is an alternative
to Open Claw, but it comes pre-built
with new skills. I'm going to show you
exactly how it works. You can see an
example of it right here. And we'll be
comparing it directly to Open Claw to
see how it performs and which one is
better plus which one is easier to set
up. And we'll compare them side by side.
So, if you've been loving Open Claw, you
may really like this one. The other cool
thing is that we're going to break down
is what GenSpark Claw is and how it
works. We'll do a live test of Gen Spark
AI Workspace 3.0, the new AI employee
system. will show you what you can
actually automate right now today and
I'll give you a full 30-day plan to go
from zero to having your own AI employee
team. So, let's get straight into this.
So, if you're not familiar with the new
update, here's an example what it looks
like. Um, this is Gen Spark Claw, right?
And so you can connect this to, for
example, your emails, Google Docs, you
can automate workflows, you can set up
stuff uh to run daily, and you can also
automate AI images and videos. Now, one
of the main most important updates I've
seen with this is that it comes in a
really easy sort of one-click setup,
right? So, when you're using uh, for
example, OpenClaw, you usually have to
set that up via your terminal, via
cloud, it can break a lot. it can be
kind of messy and confusing to
understand. If you're using something
like Gen Spark claw, it's a lot easier
to set up. Now, you also got some cool
settings here. So, you can switch
between models, which means you get
access to many different APIs in one.
So, for example, we've got Opus, we've
got Sonic 4.6, got GT 5.2, 5.4, Gemini
Pro, etc. All built in and ready to go
once we've installed this. We can also
configure this. Um, and we can also go
to files here and we can see all the
files inside our setup as well. So it's
easy to browse what we've set up so far.
So for example, if you want to add more
personality to your open claw or to your
genpark claw, then you can use this sole
MD file and edit different parts of it,
right? Add more personality to make it
more sassy if you wanted to or more
interesting, more funny, etc. Now also
inside the identity MD file, you'll find
the details here where you can basically
train and program the GenSpark claw on
exactly who you are, what you do, and
why that's important. On top of that,
you also see something called channels,
right? So, you can actually link this to
its own separate email address. You can
see that email address here. Now, not
only that, you get a pre-built uh email
address that's already set up, but also
what's pretty cool about this is that
you can set up the allowed email
addresses, right? So, it's a bit more
secure than using OpenClaw normally
because with OpenClaw, if you connect it
to an email address, like anyone can
email it. If you connect it to Genpark,
you can actually say which emails are
allowed to message Open Claw. And also
you can easily connect this in a
one-click setup to something like for
example Discord or to for example Line
or WhatsApp or whatever um messaging
tool use could be Telegram or Slack etc.
Right? So if we click on for example
connect to Discord here, it will
actually open up a new conversation like
you can see and then it will tell you
exactly how to set it up and it walk you
through step by step. Right? So the cool
thing about this is it actually links as
well directly to the developer portal.
So like if you're setting this up with
for example openclaw well you've got
your own wizard wizard that helps you
set up genotap claw with open claw
directly or you can actually use a QR
code as well and it links directly to
the developer portal. So it's just a lot
easier to integrate with different
platforms kind of holds your hand. It's
it's definitely for less technical
people and also the other thing here as
well is this is a cloud computer. So
kind of in the same way that perplexity
have set up their own cloud computer.
This means that it's more secure, right?
Because it's kind of isolated in its own
little sandbox on the web. Whereas for
example, if you're using something for
like openclaw, well, open claw is
running locally, which means that it can
access all of your local files, right?
It's less secure in that way. So there's
a lot of cool stuff you can do here. You
can also connect it to like Google chat
and that sort of thing. And here's an
interesting part as well. So you
actually see here that it's got
tutorials on how you can add different
parts to it, right? So you can run
through each of these different on
boarding tutorials and it will help you
set everything up, right? So for example
here, if you have a look um we can
automatically start using these
pre-built prompts for generating AI
images and videos. So if we click on
this for example and uh or if we click
on this one, we can tick off the on
boarding process so that we get a heads
around it. But also what we're doing
here is we're learning how to use it and
how to set it up straight away as we go
through this. So you can see this is now
um beginning to generate a video clip
straight out the bat um ready to go as
you can see and that was pretty easy as
well. Now finally you have the home
section. So inside home section you can
see we've got the claw email and we've
got allowed senders with the IP. We do
have a separate domain that we can use
as well for this. So if we go to that
link right there we can have a we can
have this running on a separate domain
and basically what this means is like
you can actually build a personal
homepage for your GenSpark claw. Right.
Okay, so if we click on start building,
it's like I'd like to build something on
my domain um for the open claw which is
pretty cool as well. So you can
basically um create a website for your
genark claw and then you could give
access to other people or you could give
access to your team etc. Now if you want
to get a bit more advanced there's also
some other options like you've got
terminal over here, you have the files,
you have the settings. One final thing I
was going to say here is that you'll see
over here you've got for example the
social media that you can actually get
it to post on. So it can actually post
directly to Twitter or Instagram or
Facebook or LinkedIn for you. You can
connect it to Gmail and other services
like this. You can connect it to your
CRM like for example Salesforce. It can
do research for you if you connect it to
these apps. So it's basically just
really easy to set up. And then you can
see here as well we've got the video
ready from GenSpark directly here too.
So, it's just a much easier, less
technical way to use something that's
ready out of the box and it integrates,
especially with GenSpark, but it
integrates directly online and and you
know, with your favorite apps in one
click. So, pretty easy and simple. If
you actually click on the files that it
generates as well, you can view them
over here, right? So, for example, if we
want to view the video that we just
created with Genpar Claw, we can just
click on play here and we can view the
video we just created, right? So you can
see here it can generate images,
generate videos straight out of the box.
It's got connections to different APIs.
You can switch between all these. And
the cool thing about this as well is
like, you know, I've I've had days where
I've used, for example, um
$38 worth of API tokens with Opus 4.6 on
Open Claw, right? And I'm like, what did
I even spend that on? Whereas, for
example, if you sign up to Gen Spark
Claw, then you get access. It's like a
monthly subscription. And I think it was
about maybe I want to say like $60
something like that per month. And then
you can select a model here. But the
cool thing is like you can just use
these models out the box. You don't get
charged extra for API um keys and that
sort of thing. And you can also switch
between two different versions of for
example Opus and Sonic. So you could use
Opus 4.6 1 million context window. And
you just hit apply if you want to start
using that instead. Pretty cool. Let's
have a look what we got here. Can I use
Gemini live in open claw? I think you
could if you asked to set that up. I
think that'll be pretty simple and easy
to set up. And then this is going to
reconnect once we've changed the API.
But that's basically it. All right. So,
I've actually created a framework that
can help you basically turn GenSpark
claw into your own personal AI employee
stack, right? And this is called the AI
employee stack framework. So, most
people think of AI as a tool. You ask it
a question, gives an answer, blah blah
blah, right? And then this is using
Workspace 3.0, right? where you
basically go from tool to employee which
is a big mindset leap right so Genpark
claw is built exactly around this idea
so with the GenSpark cloud computer
every user gets their own dedicated
cloud computer genark claw lives inside
that it's always on like an employee who
never clocks out and your data is inside
a sandbox right now with Genpark claw
your AI employee you can send it a
message on for example WhatsApp or
Telegram or Slack or team it can
implement multi-step tasks across real
apps So it's not just generated text
returns the finished product and then it
can research for example it can draft
documents it can schedule meetings
manage your emails generate content make
phone calls and deploy code all right
now this also comes with the rest of
workspace 3.0 which was announced by
genpark you can see here three uh 3.0
know AI workspace which means for
example you can automate repetitive
tasks you can build teams you can um
capture meetings automatically you can
use something called speakley for iOS
and Android which is an AI voice
dictation with editing across every app
so you can speak instead of type
basically and then there's also a
GenSpark Chrome extension right so you
can actually use the new Chrome
extension from GenSpark which you can
see right here so that you can use your
Gen Spark claw whenever you want to. So
this is it's really easy to set up but
you get a lot more to it than just using
this directly. Right now let's have a
look here what we got what else we've
got here. So I actually created some
ideas of use cases that we could create.
Right? So you could for example automate
your entire client email follow-ups.
Right? You could say for example every
time I get an email from a new lead,
draft a personalized follow-up email in
my tone and then send it to the client.
Right? something like that. You could,
for example, build a live competitor
research dashboard with AI sheets. So AI
sheets is basically like Google Sheets
or Excel, but it's inside GenSpark. And
that way it can automate research for
you as well. Now, I actually created a
30-day plan. Go from like I've never
used GenSpark to my Gen Spark claw runs
in the background automating all my
tasks, right? And this 30-day plan, as
you can see right here, it comes with
day-by-day prompts all inside the video
notes from today. But basically the main
point to note here is like if you were
struggling with open claw and setting it
up no problem you can use genpark claw
instead and it's quite easy to set up
and uh a lot more intuitive than using
openclaw directly plus it comes with all
the APIs directly inside there and it's
quite it's a lot easier to organize with
um different apps as well. Now, inside
the video notes too, we've added 100
prompts. So, you can use this, for
example, for content creation. It could
be for email automation. It could be,
for example, for scheduling
productivity. We've got over 100 prompts
that help you with GenSpark claw right
here along with the 30-day plan. So,
just to recap, what is Genpark Claw?
Genpark's AI employee that lives inside
a dedicated cloud computer per user,
right? Launched this week as part of
GenSpark AI workspace 3.0 O is basically
a competitor to open claw right and just
to to recap here you've got genenspark
claw which is basically the AI employee
you've got genpark cloud computer which
is the dedicated private always on cloud
computer then you've got genpark
workflows which automates tasks across
20 apps including Google workspace
outlook slack notion and salesforce and
then you've got genpark teams as well
and the key shift here the key mindset
shift is like you know the old way of
using AI is like you just chat into it
the new way is like you can use this
This is a team of AI agents that work
together. All right, so if you want to
get all the video notes from today, you
can get that inside the AI profit
boardroom link in the comments
description. Overall, I would use
Genpack Claw if you are non-technical,
right? If you don't know how to set up
Open Claw or it breaks on you a lot and
you struggle fixing it or if you don't
want to plug in loads of different API
keys, but you still want access to open
claw and power of it. The other thing
that I would say here is if you don't
really care about open source and you
just want something that you can use
personally and additionally if you don't
want worry about security so much then I
would use genpark claw as well because
it's isolated in its own sandbox in the
cloud computer right so that's basically
what I' um that's how I'd use genpark
and then I'd switch to open claw only if
you are more technical if you like
customization if you like open source
projects
and you know if you just want a lot more
customization that's the difference
between them. So thanks so much for
watching. If you haven't already check
out the AI profitable link in the
comments description this is my AI
automation community that helps you
learn grow and automate with AI. We have
2,600 members inside here which means
there's always people online to help you
to meet to ask questions with etc. You
can see loads people getting help and
support inside community right here.
It's a great group of people. You can
see here as well like we've got a daily
accountability group so you can ask
questions and get help and support in
real time. Um you can post your goals
and see what other people working on
too. I also do a weekly update. So if
you feel like this stuff is overwhelming
or there's too much information then you
can get these weekly updates where I
show you here's the most useful stuff
this week and here's what you can safely
ignore. That way you just stay 100%
laser focused and you don't get
distracted and you never fall behind
again. Now inside the calendar we have
four weekly coaching calls. You can get
four live weekly coaching calls where
you can get help and support in real
time and you can meet the community, ask
questions, share your screen, etc. You
can meet people in your local area here
and then also inside the classroom, you
can for example go from beginner to
expert with AI automation in just 5
weeks and learn how to build your first
AI agent in under 5 minutes. You can
also get my playbooks on how I
personally automate Twitter and
newsletters and shorts and Instagram and
AI avatar videos. Additionally, if you
want to get my daily updates plus a
6-hour course on Open Claw and another
3-hour course over here, then you can
get this all inside the AR profit board
as well. So, you can see that we add new
daily trainings based on what's just
been released and the newest latest
updates right here. And we create video
tutorials plus step-by-step guides as
you can see. Now, additionally, you can
learn how to get more clients with the
agency course. You can watch back the
video coaching calls over here. You can
learn how to rank number one with AI SEO
and you can learn how to grow a YouTube
channel based on what's working for me.
All inside the AI profit boardroom link
in the comments description or go to the
aiprofitboarding.com.