Today we have two new stealth models
that you can actually connect directly
to open core for free to run your local
AI agent completely free using these new
models from open core. So you can see
some examples right here. For example,
we actually set up open router and
hunter alpha inside openclaw. So it's
running with this API for free. And
these are new stealth models. So nobody
knows who's created them but from my
test so far they're pretty powerful
stuff. Today I'm going to be showing you
how to connect them, what they actually
are, uh how to use this with openclaw,
and how to get started. Okay, so if you
want to connect OpenClaw with Hunter
Alpha, the way that you can do this is
there's there's two easy ways. Number
one, you can run through the on
boarding, right? So if you go to the
quick start instructions for Open Claw,
which you can see on their GitHub, you
can just run through the on boarding
using this command openclaw on board,
and you just go inside the terminal. The
other way that you can do this is you
can actually ask OpenC cloth to switch
APIs, but just be careful because
sometimes that can break. And then the
method that I actually used was I
actually got Claude code, pasted in the
GitHub instructions, pasted in the
details from open router of the new
stealth models, gave it my open router
key, and then it set up in about 2
minutes hunter alpha directly inside
open claw. Now, if we have a look here,
um, we check, okay, is this working or
not? I'm just going to do a quick speed
test. So, we'll see how long it takes
for this uh to reply. All right. So,
we'll start the stopwatch here. And then
I'm going to go back to open claw and
just say, are you working? And we'll see
how quick and easy it is to uh get this
to respond. And of course, before we do
that, we just have to make sure this is
running. So, I'm just going to run this
command inside the terminal. So, let's
start the timer and then we'll see how
long it takes to respond. So, it's
pretty fast. Responded within I would
say probably within about 3 seconds it
took to reply to us, which is pretty
good. It's not instant, but it is a free
API you can connect to open claw. And
let's run the next test now. So what I'm
actually going to do is I'm going to
grab an API key from Google AI studio.
And then we're going to see how this
performs in terms of getting for example
nano banana set up with openclaw. Right?
So we if we want to generate for example
images then we can use nanobanana and
the API key. So I'm going to grab that
from AI studio and then plug it into
open claw.
and see how smart this is. So, I'm going
to say set up Nana Banana with this
Google AI Studio API key, then generate
a test image to make sure it works.
We'll grab the documentation on how to
generate images with Nana Banana 2,
which we've got right here, and then
I'll paste that into Open Web Claw along
with the API key. So, you can see that
I've added the documentation here.
And this is how you can basically
generate images using openclaw and uh a
combination of nano banana 2. So we're
beginning to add that inside the chat
here. Ver asks about API cost and my
cost monthly. So honestly like not a lot
because we don't use APIs that much
usually you know for example if I'm
using open claw then I'm using the
oorthth with that for GPT 5.4 right or
for example if I'm using claude then I'm
using claude code which comes with the
plan I've already got for claude. So
usually not a lot at all. I try to
minimize them as much as I can. We do
have a few like zapias running in the
background with open router, but we're
using like older versions of portic so
you know it's not too bad at all. So
that's set up now. Really didn't take a
long time. Let's say uh generate an
image and open it in a browser so I can
view it. Super fast to respond to be
fair and it seemed to manage to figure
that out. This is the image that it
generated which is pretty cool. So it
did that with Nana Banana 2 and um it
seems to work really well. Right. So you
can now easily set this up link Nano
Banana 2. You can see here for example
it said here's your cyberpunk cityscape.
So it created like a test image with
flying cars and neon uh colors and that
sort of thing. It worked pretty well
too. So so far this is working really
nicely. There were other models I've
tested previously with Open Claw that
were stealth models like for example
Pony Alpha that worked with I think
eventually it turned out to be GLM5 and
that was not bad but I would say this is
superior. So whatever this API is um and
you know there's rumors that it's GPT50
or GPT 5.5 it's definitely worth testing
out. It works really well with open core
seems to and and bear in mind that you
can just use open core for free with
this API directly. So at this point
you're probably wondering like what are
the details on Hunter Alpha? How does it
work? How does this API um configured
etc. So it's live on open router. You
can get access right here. Right. So
this is Hunter Alpha and it was just
released about 24 hours ago. It's a 1
trillion parameter model, 1 million
token context window. Doesn't cost
anything to use, right? So, it's free
here as you can see in the input and
output tokens. It was built specifically
for agentic use. So, long horizon
planning, complex reasoning, sustained
multi-step task execution, and it's
built with the instruction following
precision that frameworks like open core
need. So in simple words, it's a free
trillion parameter brain designed to uh
work really well with agentic tools like
for example openclaw. Now let's just do
one more test. What I'm going to do from
here is we're going to try and install
an extension to open claw. So for
example, we should be able to install
paperclip which is a pretty cool like
mission control dashboard or we could we
could take this one actually. Let's try
and install this one. Right? So this is
another mission control dashboard we can
install inside open claw. So, I'm going
to give that task to OpenClaw here. And
I'll say set up this mission control
dashboard.
Give it the GitHub link as well. We'll
see how it handles that. But so far,
it's passed all the tests, right? It's
pretty fast. It can work with APIs. It
can generate images pretty quickly.
Understands how to handle API
documentation. And it seems to be
setting up mission control. But let's
see how it handles his test as well. NZ
says, "I just downloaded OpenCL for the
first time." Nice. How's it going so
far? In the meantime, whilst that's
setting up, I've actually got a 30-day
plan for using this API with Open Claw
inside the video notes from today. But
one of the old beliefs that I'd say most
people struggle with right now is that
they think, you know, you can't use free
APIs with open claw, but you actually
can, as you've seen today. Like this
seems to work better um than than a lot
of the APIs I've actually tested with
something like openclaw before, right?
Okay, so I've tested other models like
for example um GLM, Miniax, all sorts of
models with Open Quil. This is one of
the best so far. I mean, you can see
here it's actually set up the mission
control already. If we open that up, you
can see that's working perfectly right
here, which is pretty cool, right? So,
it's plugged in all the agents that
we've got. It's created a nice dashboard
right here. We've got a setup of the
agents, uh mission control dashboard,
etc. And that worked perfectly first
time around. Plus, it was super fast to
set up. So, whatever this API is, it's
super powerful and it actually works
with openclaw. A lot of people say,
"Well, I'm not technical enough to set
up an AI agent." Honestly, if you have
never used OpenClaw before, just get
claw code set up for you, right? It
takes like 2 minutes and it is super
fast and easy to do. Other people say,
"Well, I don't have time to set this
up." You can get open claw and this
integration with Hunter Alpha set up in
the space of 2 minutes. I did it this
morning before this live stream. It was
pretty easy, simple to do. So, so far
it's worked really well on all the tests
that we've done. It handled the mission
control test pretty well. It started
creating images with the API
documentation from Nana Banana. It's
really fast to respond and it's free to
use. So if you're thinking about testing
or if you need a free API to work with
OpenClaw, then you know I would
definitely check this out. It's pretty
cool. N says, "I haven't figured out
what OpenClaw does yet. Really, I'm
still trying to set it up." So if you
want more tips and guides on this stuff,
have a full six-hour course on OpenClaw
and we have another three-hour course
right here. And each day we uh run new
daily tutorials on how to use openclaw
with different things. So for example,
we've got a full guide on paperclip um
which is basically like it's a cool way
to make like a company with with
different agent team members and you can
get the full guide 30-day road map and
100 prompts to test with it inside the
create new guides like this so that you
can test them out. Uh video tutorials,
full step-by-step guides, etc. It's all
save time, and grow with AI automation.
There's 2,600 people in there, which
means there's always people online that
you can ask questions, you can get help
and support from, etc. You can post
share your wins. You can join our daily
accountability group, which means that
you stay laser focused on your goals.
You can also, for example, check out my
weekly post where I look at everything
that's come out and I'm like, if you
just read one thing this week, it's
this, right? So you can stay updated
with all the latest AI updates based on
my 60 hours of research and I filter
out, okay, here's the most useful stuff
and here's the stuff you can ignore.
Additionally, inside the calendar, you
can see that we do weekly coaching
calls. You can jump on live video
coaching calls, get help, get support in
real time. You can also meet people
inside your local area. So you can zoom
in on the map, meet people in your local
area, DM them, ask them questions, that
sort of thing. And inside the classroom
here, you get all of my best trainings
as well. Now, at this point, you might
be wondering, okay, like, you know, are
people getting results with this? We
actually have over 136 pages of
testimonials from people winning with AI
automation from our training. So, you
can see some examples right here of uh
what people are achieving, what they're
getting results with. Um, just loads of
positive wins, right? It's just a
super positive. Lots of people getting
results inside there, and that's what we
like to see, right? And this is
basically an infinite scroll at this
point of uh of testimonials and wins and
and people just getting awesome stuff.
So that's what we like right now. Here's
an example. So we also have inside the
classroom all of my best training. So if
you want to go from beginner to expert
with AI automation and learn how to
build your first AI agent in under 5
minutes, you can check this section out
right here. If you want to learn the
business, then you can check out how I
create AI avatar videos and my
step-by-step tutorial right here. You
can also learn how I automate Instagram
etc., all using AI automation inside
this section. Now, additionally, you can
get my daily SOP updates. So, what this
allows you to do is get the new updates
based on all the cool stuff that just
launched. So, I look at everything that
just came out. I research everything and
I find out what's the most useful thing
for you. And then I turn that into a
video tutorial with a step-by-step
guide, a 30-day road map on how to
master this stuff and additionally over
100 prompts you can test with this,
right? And so this just makes it super
actionable so that you can actually
implement new updates inside your
business. Top of that, you can learn how
to get more clients with the agency
course. You can watch back the coaching
calls if you miss them live. You can
learn how to rank number one with AI
SEO. And you can also learn how to grow
a YouTube channel based on what's
board link inside the comments
description or go to the
aiprofitboard.com
says can open call fill out forms or
like do browser stuff. Yeah. So you can
get it to fill out forms inside browser
automations or what you can also do is
you can set up the chrome extension with
open crawl. Right. So
if you go inside the search bar here,
type in
openclaw browser extension. So Chrome
extension, we actually have a full setup
guide on how to use browser automation
with openclaw using the Chrome
extension, right? And from there, you
can see all these guides here, but you
can basically learn how to set up uh
openclaw browser control so that it can
operate your browser and start clicking
buttons for you and all that sort of
stuff. The snow cup says, "What do I use
to build an AI receptionist?" So, I'd
use something like 11 Labs. You can
create voice agents with 11 Labs. We've
done that before on our website before,
and you can actually see there's a lot
of trainings here on how to use voice
agents with 11 Labs, and these come with
video tutorials and step-by-step guides.
So you can easily implement this stuff.
Vic says, "Wow, it's really fast. Makes
me want to try it whilst it's still
free." Yeah, bear in mind with those
stealth models, right? So like for
example this one, um they do get
eventually they do get removed from open
rout. So you know if you're thinking
about using them, use them now whilst
you still can. Otherwise, eventually
they'll just get taken off uh open
router once the model fully launches.