Claude Code is the most powerful coding
agent on the planet if you know how to
use it correctly. I use Claude every
single day in my business. I help
thousands of people learn it, but most
people don't leverage its full
capabilities because they massively over
complicate things. And in this video,
I'm going to show you exactly how to
master the 95% of Claude code that
actually matters and how to use
anti-gravity to make building with
Claude code even easier so you can build
faster to a better quality even if
you've never touched Claude code before.
And if you don't know who I am, my name
is Jack Roberts. I built and saw my last
tech startup with over 60,000 customers.
And now I run a profitable AI automation
business using Claude Code. So if you
haven't already, grab that coffee and
let's dive straight in. In this video,
here's exactly what you're going to
learn. You're going to learn pricing to
help you save you some money, how to set
it up, how to launch, optimize, and also
store your projects. I'm going to show
you hacks for performance that most
people don't mention. And we're going to
cover prompting, bug fixing, skills, and
also MCPS, which stands for model,
context, protocol. It'll be super easy
for you after this video. And we're
going to cover the parallel agents also
to publish your first site across two
levels of difficulty using Google's
number one coding agent anti-gravity.
And you'll also get access to these
guides for shortcuts, starter pack, nine
cloud code workflows, an executive
prompt dashboard, claude AI skills, and
also connecting cloud as well. All the
links will be available down below in
the description. So let's start with how
to set Claude code up. I've also put
timestamps down below, so feel free to
skip around if you know this section.
Now there's two ways to use Claude Code.
You can use it for free with an
anti-gravity with limitations or we can
join one of the plans. So to use claude
code on your terminal, you're going to
want to grab the pro plan which is
around $20ish per month. Then what I
recommend that you do next is go over to
google.com and actually download the
claude code app which you can download
from this page. I'll put a link down
below and let's use it. Now the second
piece of software that we're going to be
using here is Google's anti-gravity. And
this is a great opportunity to explain
the difference. So Google's anti-gravity
is an IDE. It looks a little bit
something like this. And all it is is
it's an environment, an integrated
development environment that basically
means that we can chat with cloud code
on the right hand side or within the
terminal. We can see all of our files on
the left hand side and we can publish
things. It's just a way better user
interface and it's got some real cool
hacks and features that make it easy to
use cloud code and it also makes the
installation of claw code really, really
easy. So, the first thing I'd like you
to do is go ahead and download Google's
anti-gravity. And just so you know the
power of this, by the way, if you take,
for example, this app here, which is
connected to my community, I've coded
this within one day, all with claude
code. I basically just said the things I
wanted, it would build it. We've got
stats down here on the left. We've got
pretty much anything we want to in this
application. And I built this within 24
hours. That's how powerful Claude Code
actually is in terms of what it does.
It's super duper impressive. So, what
you're going to do is come over and
download anti-gravity. after you've got
your Claude subscription. But even if
you don't, with the Google account, you
can actually use Claude for free. So
there are three ways that we can access
Claude within anti-gravity. And I'll
also show you the terminal. So what we
can do inside is you can click here. Now
we have access to these models. You have
Gemini 3.1, which is Google's premier
model, and we have Claude Opus. Now when
we say Claude code, really what we're
talking about is the ability for Claude
to develop and create code and do
various different things for us. So
little bit of housekeeping and then we
can actually show you how you install
it. So the way this works now I know
this can look a little bit overwhelming
but I promise if you stick with this
it's going to make perfect sense. So the
left hand side anti-gravity works in a
folder environment. So all we're going
to do is open a folder here like so and
give it a random name. So I'm coming
down here to new folder and we'll call
this one claude code together. All
right. And create this new project and
click on open. Now effectively we're
creating files within this particular
project. Now we need to actually go
ahead and install cloud code on our
laptop. So we can do that by coming here
and say hey install cloud code. What
this will then go ahead and do it for
us. Now alternatively we can use
something called the terminal which is
this. You can access this by command
plus space and typing in terminal. And
then when you do that this will open.
Now this really is code. So there's not
an AI in this. And effectively what you
can do here is come down and type in
once you've installed it Claude. And
then you can actually chat with Claude
in this environment and you can pick the
folders and it gives you some different
access and functionality. But it is way
easier to use an ID if you're getting
started. So if it isn't installed,
anti-gravity will just go ahead and
install all the components that you
need. Now there are three ways you can
use cloud code within anti-gravity. One
is here on the right hand side. The
second one is you come over here to your
extensions on the left hand side. Think
of these like the Chrome store within
Google Chrome. And what we can do is
install this one here which is great.
and we install that. And once that's
installed, what that basically means is
that whenever you have something open,
you can click this and it's a bit of a
nicer user interface. So I could say,
"Hey there, what model is this?" Right?
And you're effectively chatting with
Claude in the side here, which is great.
And you can have a little conversation
with us and he can tell us, "Hey, this
is going to be Claude." Which is great.
The third place we can use Claude code
within it is if you commit to terminal,
you click on new terminal. And then
basically that thing that we just saw is
available here. And all you can do here
is you do for slashclaude.
You say his name and he appears
magically. So one core thing I just want
you to understand right now is that if
you use you are using claude with an
anti-gravity here and you can actually
use it for free to get started but
you'll have less limits. There are some
functionalities that are not available
within here. For example, if you wanted
to use cloud code on your phone down
here I can do for/ remote control and
now I can actually log in with my
mobile. Right? But for example over here
you're not able to do that with an
interface. So there are some features if
you want to use that we'll use the
terminal to make it easy. We can right
click on this come down to come down to
panel position or align panel and put
this on the right hand side and ready to
rock and roll with us. And what we could
do if we want to have several claudes
running at the same time we just
literally click on this plus button and
all of a sudden this is a new terminal
and we just say claude and we can have
as many as we want to. So just to recap
at this stage we've downloaded
anti-gravity. We've accessed claude. We
know how to use it in many different
ways. And now you've got that
downloaded. Now you're ready to pretty
much if you want to start building your
first project. Now before you can build
your very first app, there's five things
that you need to master about cla code
and anti-gravity. And the great news is
that anti-gravity makes this super easy.
The first one is that when we chat with
anti-gravity and claude code, and just
for your reference, anti-gravity is the
jet, the kind of fighter jet, and Claude
code is the pilot. For example, we can
switch that pilot out from Claude to
Gemini or a different model if we want
to. And as I said, remember there are
two ways you can use Claude. One is
within the anti-gravity ecosystem.
Alternatively, you can go up here to
terminal, click on new terminal, and if
I just type in Claude, he will appear.
Now, for simplicity sake, we're going to
focus in on using claude code within the
anti-gravity terminal because that is a
lot easier to learn as beginning and
some of the stuff in the terminal is a
little bit academic. The only difference
is that in terminal it uses less power,
so it's less overhead on your computer
and it also gives you access to some
different features like I said like
things like remote control. So what I'm
going to do as I explain these features
is I'm going to briefly explain how it
would work in the terminal for you but
we're going to focus in on anti-gravity
so you get the full breadth of
understanding. So first thing to
understand is the mode. So whenever you
start off any project what I found
really helpful is you want to begin
either in fast or planning mode which is
really cool and also if you click call
to open here you can see you've got
thinking. So switch between those two
things. And then if I'm in the terminal,
if I do shift and tab, I can actually
switch between plan mode and normal
mode. So I would go for plan mode at the
beginning of a project when I want to
spar on the idea. Remember these are 500
IQ models. I don't know if it's
technically 500, but the idea is that
it's really good at executing. We just
want to make sure that it's executing on
the right thing. Now the next thing that
we want to do is have understand the
difference between global and local
rules. So think that we're building a
project. Maybe we're building a website
together, which we're going to do in a
second, right? There is such things as
global rules. Now, this is stuff that no
matter what project you run, whether
it's a website or we're building an app
for the government or whatever it is,
these rules apply everywhere. And then
we have local rules, which are just
confined to the project. So if we're
just building a website, they'll just be
here. So the way that you set those is
you come over here to these dots and you
come down to customization. Okay? And
then you're going to come over here. You
got rules and you've got workflows. All
right, we're going to look at rules. And
what we're going to do down here is
we're going to add in a click on this
one here or add a brand new one if you
want to. And I've got I've got some
information here. Okay, so Jack likes
the color blue and gold. Never forget.
But more importantly, I might say, hey,
whenever I ask you a question, I want
you to think around corners. I want you
to challenge my thinking. Always think
about the intent behind the question.
Don't be a sick fan. Always focus on
building gorgeous and beautiful and
responsive stuff. So these exist within
the global ecosystem. So whatever
project I'm using now to build with
cloud code, it will know that. Right? So
I come off this for example and we say
yes, we're happy to save that. And I
come back to the agent and I say, hey
there dude, what is my favorite number
and my favorite colors? Okay, it should
know that information. So give that a
second. It should say blue and gold and
87. If it knows that, awesome. So now
whatever project I'm in, it has that in
its global memory. Now likewise on the
left hand side, it's a local memory. So
I might say something like for whenever
you're building something in this
project, always make sure that the
design is gorgeous and blah blah blah.
So these are going to be design specific
things that we're going to include as we
go through the video. And this brings us
to a very important part of coding with
cloud code and that's what we call
context rot. So the idea is that these
models have a great context window, a
couple of hundred thousand. It can be a
million if you're using different
features. But the point is that after it
reaches about 50% of that number, it
starts to hallucinate and the
performance gets worse. So, if you're
using that with an anti-gravity, all
you're going to do is click on brand for
a brand new window and restart the
conversation. The general advice is one
window for one task, then refresh it. If
you want to, you can give it a prompt
that says, "Hey there, I'm going to move
this over to a new window with a fresh
context. Write me a summary document
that explains what we've been doing so I
can take it to the next conversation."
That's what you need to do if you're
with an anti-gravity. If you're using
the terminal with an anti-gravity or
just on your computer, what you can what
cloud will actually do is automatically
refactor its memory once it gets to a
certain point and so you can keep it
within the terminal, but it's always
good practice to open up a brand new
window. Now, this list is very nicely
onto something called commands. So, if
you're building within the terminal, you
can be really specific. So, what you can
do with the terminal is you can do for
slash and give it a command. So, I could
say, "Hey, remote control," and it does
it. But honestly, what's really cool
about anti-gravity if you're not using a
specific feature is you can kind of just
explain it in natural language. So for
example, one of the things that you
should always do for every project here
is something called git initialize.
GitHub is a place where we store
documents. It's what we call a repo. In
other words, a repository. So if you
think that we're building a project
here, we want those files to live online
somewhere in a very secure environment
so that we can host it and effectively
we can have websites online and apps and
things like that. So that's where the
the files actually live online. So
what's really good practice for
everything that you build is to create a
repo. So you can literally say to
anti-gravity here like hey get in it or
in plain English hey create a GitHub
repository please for this project. Now,
the coolest thing about this is that if
you don't have the right credentials or
connections, anti-gravity will explain
that to you. Open up open up tabs and
help you sign in. So, you can literally
connect everything. Maybe it's your
first time, it will actually say great,
we need to connect it via what we call
the CLI, which is command line
interface. And it will literally connect
that for us automatically. And you can
see I'm already connected here to its
jack. So, it'll do that for us straight
away. And just to show you that as an
example, I said, "Hey, disconnect me so
I can show how it works." So, it's got
this bash command g orth login. Again,
you can enter that into the terminal
here. So, I'll just say, "Hey, dude.
Sounds good. Open up the GitHub CLI and
let me let me sign in." And this is
literally how it works with all this
stuff. And what it means is you can now
chat and use code with plain English to
pretty much download anything that you
want to, which is great. So, as you can
see now, anti-gravity is running that
command on the right hand side. And as
you can see, it says, "Hey, here's your
one-time code." So, we're going to copy
this, make sure it's correct, come back
over, and as you can see, it's now
asking us to connect. Awesome. If you
don't have a GitHub account, just
connect that. And once you click
continue and you connect these two
together, you can effectively do
anything. So, we're going to enter in
the code that we got, click continue.
And then now we are fully connected and
we can authorize GitHub. It's worth
calling out by the way as well, but
again, you can do this in the terminal,
but anti-gravity can work you through
everything. And on the first document,
I've got these clawed shortcuts that
explain everything that you can do
within Claude code. So, you can see
you've got all these different commands
that you can use within cloud code. Or
if you want to know what these are, you
can just speak to anti-gravity in
natural language. Wonderful. So now
we've learned some of the basics of how
claude code with an anti-gravity
functions. We're now going to use these
to build a beautiful website all within
anti-gravity using claude code. Now to
do this, I always begin all of my
projects with this framework which is
called the blast system master prompt.
Effectively what it does is a series of
steps that we want the entire model to
go through whenever it's building
anything. Now the way this begins is it
creates all the different folders for
us. Task plan, findings, and claw MD.
It's then going to go through five
different stages for our build. It's
going to create the blueprint where it
understands everything that we want.
It's then going to look at links and how
we can interconnect with different
things. It's going to architect the
build to build a minimal viable product
that we can actually use and integrate
with. Then we go on to the S part of the
blast framework which is stylize and
refine the UI. And then we've got the
trigger and then we've got loads of key
operating principles for that specific
document. So again, this will be
available for you down below in the
comments. So feel free to grab this. All
we're going to do is come down here and
copy the whole thing. come over to
anti-gravity and literally just paste
that into the description and then it
will initialize create the project for
us and then we can do something really
cool. So what I thought would be great
to do in this one is to actually build a
website as the first level of difficulty
then we can take it to a complete new
level afterwards. So for example, if I
come over to this website right here
which is building the world's perfect
website. So again I'll put a link for
this for you down below but this is a
great really easy way to get basically
code for your website. So, build your
perfect website. What is the website
for? So, I'll say something like, "Hey
there. This is for a design agency that
is selling websites to help businesses
capture more customers and turn viewers
into buyers." Awesome. Then we can come
down and pick what type of business.
Let's say we're a web design agency.
Awesome. We can pick a style. Why don't
we go for clean and modern? We can build
our page. So, this is really cool. So,
we got hero, social proof, which is
good. Features and footer. I think what
would be great is testimonials. We're
definitely going to want to add improve.
So, let's bring up testimonials to here,
I think, is going to be great. And then
we probably want a contact form at the
bottom as well, right? And that just
above the bottom. And this whole thing,
by the way, is built on best practices
for websites. It's supposed to be just a
really easy thing to get your first
website up and running. And then what
should our button say? Apparently,
unlock free website. So, unlocking is
supposed to be really good, by the way.
Unlock. I met with a guy. He had a 10%
clickthrough rate in his buttons. He had
the whole thing locked down. said unlock
was really cool. One of my clients and
then we've got all this will be
automatically generated for you. So what
you're going to do is come down and just
copy this prompt. Awesome. Then we can
head over to the wonderful anti-gravity
at the bottom. So let's go open up our
scenario. As you can see now what this
is going to do is if we just come down
and check what it's done it has before I
initialize a project memory create
schemas or touch any code I need to
answer these five. What is the
northstar? What integrations? What's the
sort of truth and delivery payload? So
let's answer these questions together.
So, first of all, the Northstar is a
beautiful, engaging website based on the
below um the below prompt. Integrations,
don't worry about any integrations for
the moment. It's just going to be a
static website. The source of truth,
there'll be no source of truth at this
stage. Delivery payload is I just want
the website to look great. And
behavioral rules, don't worry about that
right now. I just want it to be a great
visual overview for me to click. We'll
add in all this great stuff when we get
to level two, but for the time being, I
just want to show you exactly how you
get your first project. Then you enter
in the code and then you send that off.
And then what anti-gravity will do, what
cloud code within anti-gravity will do
will go ahead and start to develop out
all the project files for us. So we can
actually use and leverage that. Now as
you can see now guys, it's actually
created a full task list which is one of
the really cool features of using
anti-gravity with the claude code model.
Remember it's the exact same model
whether you're using terminal include
code or an anti-gravity same model. It's
just a different vehicle, right? And in
this vehicle, we have certain visual
integrations that we can use and
leverage. And I really like this. So, as
you can see, anti-gravity now has really
simplified this. It's got its
initialization protocol. It's got the
blueprint. It's got the linkages. And
again, it said, "Hey, static site and
integration. It's got the architecture
with all the different things. And what
we can do in anti-gravity, if we don't
like the look of something, we can
actually drop comments and give it
feedback like I don't know. This looks
great. Just make sure that there is a
beautiful transition between all of them
that doesn't take the eye but each
section has its own space. Whpace is a
beautiful thing for a premium website.
So we can leave little details like this
review the plan and do whatever we like
to come down and that's a good little
hack I'd say as well which is voice
typing. I love it so much we even
created a a business around it. Glider
is speech to text. You can use any
platform that you like of course. Um the
interesting thing with it though is it
will actually help you to get things
done a lot quicker. So on average, it's
four times faster to say it rather than
typing it. So not only now, if you think
about it, we're limited by the speed
that we can type, but when we're
speaking, we can just get anything done.
It saves me literally hours a week. You
can do that. There's also a feature here
you can do where you can click and do
various similar things. It's not
supported for Opus 4. And then basically
we just let this do the rest of it work
in the background. It starts building
for us and you can see its progress
through its task list in the middle. And
one other cool hack for you guys is
whilst this is working in the background
developing everything out, what we can
do with this is click click on open
agent manager. And this is one of the
really cool reasons why anti-gravity is
great for claude code is cuz we can have
as many of these working for us in the
background at the same time. So if you
come over here for example, you can
start a new conversation. You can select
that project which would be working in
claude which is claude code together
here. And I can get a prompt like, "Hey
dude, do me a favor. Go ahead online and
find me five of the highest rated
websites, agencies that are selling
websites to people." And then I want you
to document for me on the left hand side
some research findings. So what do the
top five have in common in terms of
website structure, color palette, CTAs,
and put that on a research document for
me on the left hand side. So we can spin
up multiple of these agents to go ahead
and work for us at the same time. Then I
might do another one. As you can see
now, we've got claw code together. I can
just keep creating ones here. It it's
really really crazy how this all works.
And as you can see, I've got multiple
files here now. I can start a brand new
conversation. And again, the same thing
if I want to call code together, come
down here, keep on having the
conversations. If you want to as well,
you can click on use playground.
Playground is a not connected to any
file. So I might just give it my ideas
like, dude, what is how would you go
about this? Well, spin up a quick file
that does this and it'll do that. And
then I can move those files into any
project I want to. But as you can see
now, I have two different resources
working for me at the exact same time,
which means that the project can go way
faster, which I just think is such a
cool feature. And when that's done, we
just have all the all the files and it's
all working for us in the background,
which is fantastic. And I'd also say one
of the advantages of using cloud
anti-gravity is it will it can natively
open up browsers for you. Of course, you
can get this extension within the
terminal, but it's great because it will
open up. It will take screenshots. It
will analyze it just to make sure that
the visual appeal is everything that we
actually asked it to be. And as you can
see, this is now fully live. And this is
one shot. So, I have not given this a
single follow-up prompt at any point.
So, what we can do is come over and copy
this in the local host. And local host
just means that unlike an online buildup
like an AI studio or loable where it
lives online, this is living on your
laptop the files on. That's where it's
running from. So, all you do is you grab
this, you head over to a website, and
you just enter this in, and it will show
you what the website physically looks
like. And wow, would you look at this
for a oneshot? I'm really freaking
impressed. We've got a nice little
design thing there. Websites that turn
visitors into customers. And do you
remember guys, I explicitly said my
favorite color is blue. And I think
that's been reflected nicely. So, we've
got some great stuff here. I'm going to
come down. Trusted by Ford Thinkers.
Everything you need to go online. And
look, it's some blue and gold just like
we said. So, we've got some different
tabs here. Love my businesses like
yours. Again, some good testimonials.
Ready to transform your online presence.
And then we've got this. We can just
enter in, enter information, send
message, and then let's build something
extraordinary. Unlock your free website,
which I think is wonderful. And then
we've got everything down at the bottom.
So, you have officially created your
very first website or site or
application, whatever you want to do.
Now, to get the most out of Claude Code,
there's two things that we need to
master. The first of which is something
called Claude Skills which very recently
had a massive update and they are
overpowered in many senses of the word.
Effectively what they led us to do is
create something that is excellent and
automate any task that we find ourselves
doing more than once. Could be
competitive intelligence, could be
creating graphics, could be vectorizing
data, you name it. And we can turn this
into a skill that we can access whenever
we want to at a simple slash command. It
is that powerful. So, how on earth do we
get them? Well, we can do this in the
Claude desktop app as well. And I'm
going to show you both just so you're
fully aware of all the areas you can
reach these because Claude skills can be
used in any environment. So, let's come
down to the terminal. Let's create a new
terminal and let's summon Claude for a
second. Okay. Now, what you're going to
do, I'm going to bring this up and bring
it over so you can get a good look here,
is we're going to use the skill creator
skill. So, if you do for slash and you
type in skills like so, this will list
all of the available skills that you
have saved in your terminal. So, I've
got six saved in this account here,
right? Which is really cool. So, you can
come down and you can basically select
the ones that you want to. Really,
really cool. The other thing that we can
do if you come over here and you type in
skill hyphen creator, you can actually
download that or activator and it is
really, really powerful. So, what we
want to do is download the skill creator
into your environment and you can just
for/killen creator and you can download
that. Now, once you've done that, you
will be able to summon it. And to do
that, I'm just going to pull up this
browser just because it's got a better
UI. So, we double click in here and then
we bring up Claude. Remember, we must
have it installed. And then let's come
over and have a play around with this.
And I think the best way to leverage
Claude skills is most likely going to be
by building something like a level two
version of our website. And when I show
you this, it's going to blow your mind.
All right. So, we're going to do is for
slash and we're going to pick the one we
want. So, we want to create a skill.
Let's go into skill creator. And the
great thing about the new Claude skills
update is that there are two types of
skill, right? One is a very specific way
of doing things. So creating an invoice
in our brand guidelines, right? That's
very unique to me. That might be very
unique to you. That is never going to
change. But there's a second skill where
basically we're getting Claude to do
something better. And the thing is
Claude's improving all the time. So if
it goes from Claude 4.5 to Claude 5, it
might actually be doing a better job
than your skill. The cool thing about
this update is that if claw f the
current claude model can do it better,
it will delete and remove the skill for
you automatically without touching
anything. So it's asking us what we'd
like to do. Do we want to create a new
skill from scratch, improve an existing
skill, or evaluate, benchmark an
existing skill? So we want to come ahead
and create a brand new skill. So we're
going to use a skill for our website.
So, I want the ability to let's say that
I'm working with a client and they're
like, "Dude, I want you to create a
fresh version of a website." Or maybe
we're working with a client. He says,
"Jack, I love the designs and the
elements of this website. Could you do
me something similar?" Let's just say
that a client has given us that brief.
Well, I want the ability to find an
inspiration from a website to clone to
recreate the structure of that website
with completely fresh, beautiful
graphics leveraging Nano Banana 2.
Wouldn't that be really cool if all I
had to do is drop a HTML or some data
and it did that. I think that'd be
pretty cool. So now it's asking some
questions. Let's create a new skill to
get started. I need to submit a vision.
What should the skill enable call to do?
When should it trigger? And what is the
expected output? So here's what I'm
going to say. I am going to give you
let's say a URL. I'm going to give you a
file which is going to be the HTML
extract of a website. What I would like
you to do is to recreate this entire
website for me. verbatim. Okay. Then
what I want you to do is recreate all of
the images on the website using Nano
Banana 2 so that I get my own unique
images. For the purposes of this actual
experiment, let's just recreate it in a
slightly different version. But I want
to mirror everything, the functionality,
the button clicks, the animations, the
scrolling animations, the whole
structure of the website. But I want you
to recreate it all using Nano Banana 2
and the Kia API, which I'm going to
touch on in a second. So, we're talking
about bringing in an image generation
model. Now, how cool is that? Well, I'll
show you that in a minute what that
looks like. Then, what I'm going to say
is this. Then, what I would like you to
do is find five competitors and I would
like you to go ahead and scrape their
website for me. And what I want you to
do is find out best practices. So, what
are the top guys doing, the top
competitors doing? So, you need to
understand the niche of the business.
You may even ask me this question like,
hey, what is a niche of business? Give
me some example of competitors. Ask me
those questions. I will give it to you.
And then you're going to go and find the
website. You're going to scrape all the
information from that website. And then
you're going to use that information
once you've created the website to
improve the text. Let me know all the
things that you need from me. Beautiful.
Okay. So now once we do this, we've
explained everything that we want. Now
when I show you this, it's going to blow
your mind because essentially all we
then need to do is give it the input and
then it's going to be ready. And then at
the end, what I think would be really
lovely and convenient for me is to say
when that's all done, I would like you
to open up for me in the local host.
Now, local host just means that all the
files is on the laptop and it just opens
it up in a beautiful browser for us to
check out. Now, this is a pretty niche
specific use case, right? But when you
see me building this, you can use this
to build anything you want to. That's
the bottom line is you're basically
conversationally explaining everything
to them. So, look, it's a solid concept
for website cloning, competitive
analysis, and improvement skill. Let me
make sure I've got the pieces right.
Then I have a few questions. The user is
going to provide a HTML file or you're
beautiful. They're going to clone it
exactly. Layer, animation, scroll
effects. I'm going to recreate all the
images using the Kia API. Beautiful. Ask
the user about their niche and
competitors. Scrape five competitor
websites. Use as insights to improve the
clone site structure and then serve it
on the local host so they can see it
live. Bravisima swimset. So tech stack
for the rebuild. You mentioned NA10. Do
you want the skill to actually build an
N10 workflow? So no. Okay. No NA10
workflow not required. What I want you
to do is use the KIA API and then I also
want you to use firecrawl. I will give
you both of those key API keys. Here we
go. Rookie creation on Kia API. Do you
want every image on the site regenerated
as a new image? I'm going to say yes.
All new image, please. Beautiful. And
then competitor scraping. When you say
scrape, do you mean pull the visible
text? I'm going to say for competitor
scraping, I'm just more interested in
the copy, the CTAs, any interesting
copy. Basically, I just look at it from
a copy lens. What are the best websites
in that niche doing that we can learn
from? And then finally, should I ask the
user for their niche and competitor
names every time or try to infer it from
the niche? I would say you can ask me,
but give me the option for you to just
go ahead and do it on what I would call
easy mode. Okay, beautiful. I'm going to
send that one off. And then what we need
to do is basically give it the
connectors, right? The things that we
can connect now within the plug-in.
Beautiful. So, the two things that I'm
going to be using now is going to be key
API. So, this just lets us access Nano
Banana 2 at a really good price. I'm not
affiliate with these guys in any way.
They're just really cheap. So you get
50% off. It's basically 6 cents per an
image which is wonderful on the 2K model
which is fantastic. And then we've got
firecrol itself when I come back home so
we can check out what's happening here.
It's essentially lets you chat to
websites. It's a really really cool
brand. And actually what we can do if I
come over and just show you this for in
scrape a web page it'll show me all the
ones I've done previously. So here for
example I can script the brand of
anything. So on any van I can extract
all the branding. I can extract images
fabricons. I can extract colors,
anything I want to, including the
typography. It's wonderful. So, I want
to do is come and grab the API keys. So,
let's come down and grab the API key
here, which is on the left under API
key. Wonderful. And I'm going to come
down and literally copy this and head
back over to anti-gravity. And once
we've provided it with that, we come
over to Kier again and grab the API key
from here. I believe that's under well,
it should be under API keys, right? We
can just literally copy this, which is
fantastic. Now, when it comes to storing
the API keys that we don't need to keep
doing this every single day and the
other schools can leverage it to save us
time, imagine that you and I walk into
the office. One of the things people
often do, and it's been a while since
I've been into the office, is they check
the whiteboard. Well, there's a
whiteboard in your laptop basically, and
we call this one here the Z HSRC. So,
the idea is we can store the
environmental variables on your computer
that your Claude skills can access. And
the dot means they're not visible in the
finder. So we can basically say to
claude skills, hey there, I want you to
store this in these. ZHSRC so that these
variables are accessible to my skills
and I don't need to keep re-entering
them and we we don't hardcode them
themselves in the skills. The upshot of
this basically means that if we do
something else, it needs to use one of
those API keys, it's going to be
available on our computer so we can just
go ahead and use it. So now we've got
the environmental store. The next thing
is to actually give it a test. So this
is a website I think is gorgeous. As you
can come up, it does vary different
things. We can type things in and let's
say that architecturally we like the
look of this website, right? And we
wanted to do some things with it. Well,
one of the things we can do is we can
grab the URL. We can come over to this
HTML website extractor over here. And
what we're going to do is simply pop
over, throw it in, and click on view
source. So, every website has a source
code. So, you're going to come over and
let's download this. As if, for
instance, again, I'm just showing you an
example of how you can build a skill. In
reality, you could do it for anything
that you want to. So, I'm going to come
back over to Claude Code and be like,
"Hey there, dude. What I would like to
do is go and grab the last file that I
downloaded, the HTML, bring that into
the project environment, and then begin
the entire process that we outlined for
this skill. Beautiful. And it'll bring
it in and we can get started. And
beautiful, guys. So, we've got a
reference image, which is pretty close.
We've got some functionality. It needs a
little bit of work. I can come down and
you can see how it's leaned on
essentially the whole website design.
But what we don't have is images. Now,
one of the features about the Nano
Banana API is that it needs basically a
URL for the image. So, to do that, we're
gonna use something called imageB. So,
imageB is a website that you can get an
API key from. And what that allows you
to do is if you give Claude an image, it
will actually upload it to imageB and
then enable it to basically send an
image to Nano Banana to replicate it.
So, you have a photo of me, it would
upload it and then it can say, "Hey, put
Jack in a green sweater instead of
blue." And you can get that by coming
down to the bottom, clicking on API key
and copying that API key. And we go back
over to Claude and say, "Hey, I want you
to upload the image URL and use this to
create a better image for everything on
the website." As you can see, it says
good. Now, let me see what the original
images actually look like. Then upload
them to imageB. Look at this. Now, I see
the style. It's a beautiful Studio
Ghibli cinematic illustrated landscape.
Nice sky with a rocket launching,
dramatic clouds, mountains. The footer
has a sunset hilltop with a glowing
portal. It's beautiful. So basically now
cloud code can run off get the actual
image extract that image and then do
whatever it wants to with it. And then
just like that we've got this website
that follows remarkably the layout. I
mean look at this. All the images have
been completely rebuilt. There's a few
things we want to go back but honestly
for just like one prompt and a little
bit of direction with the images. This
is really freaking impressive. Happiness
speaks. This is really cool. All the way
down FAQs. Have a look at this. What is
this? What is this? Come down. And then
we've got this gorgeous beautiful thing
here at the bottom. So now we've got the
website. The question is, how do we
actually get this live as a sample
project? Well, we're going to load up CL
code. We're going to ask it a simple
question. So we are going to say along
the lines of, hey dude, love the
website. Now what I would like you to do
is to create a private GitHub repo to
initialize one. And then I'd like you to
publish this to Versel. I'm going to
give you my Versell API key. And with
that, I want you to store that for me in
the terminal profile so that I can use
it in the future whenever we're building
websites together. Beautiful. And when
you've done that, we need to head over
to Versel. Now, if you don't know,
GitHub is a place where all our code
lives. And Vell is just a hosting
platform. That means that we can host
everything that we want to. All my
websites, my businesses, it's a great
place to host it. I use it a lot of the
time. So, we're going to come and create
a new token. We'll call this one Clawude
Code. The scope can be our full account.
That is fine. Expiration date. I'm just
going to put it 7 days cuz this is just
an example. And then click on create.
And then we come back over to Claw Code.
And when prompted, we can provide it
with that key to create it and publish
it for us automatically all within cloud
code. And just like that, it's now
connected. Now, if you haven't connected
your GitHub, what we'll do is open up
GitHub for you in the command line
interface. The browser will pop up and
it'll give you a code and all you're
going to do is enter in that code and
then you'll have them to connect it,
which means that it can create repos,
amend repos, do anything on your own
private account. Then once you've given
it the code, you can see here we've got
the actual GitHub repo which we can open
up and also the live site that has
published for us automatically which is
crazy. And as you can see here is the
GitHub repo which is private and then we
can actually see the website open up and
then we've got the website on a complete
new URL. I can scroll down and the
entire thing is there published ready to
go. And then we can use the other skills
and all the techniques that we cover on
my channel to add in things like
databases so we can store customers and
send them emails and pretty much
anything that you'd like to do. And I
want to make the point now that you can
then save this as a skill and then you
can test it. You keep refining it and
then when you're happy you just say,
"Hey Claude, turn this into a skill."
Then once you've done that, whenever you
use Claude code ever again, either in
the app, which I recommend that you
download and when you do download the
app, you're going to have three options:
chat, co-work, and code. Now, in Claw
Code, you can effectively do code
anywhere on your laptop, just like
within anti-gravity. But what's really
cool is we can summon any of the skills.
like I could summon a skill that I
bought earlier, for example, which was
an SEO strategy. So, I click on SEO
strategy. I hit enter. And by the way,
here's a cool thing. This is so
important. We're running a competition
in the community right now, which is
$500 for one claude skill. Well,
basically, you think of something really
cool, you create it, and we add it if it
like gets a certain level into here. So,
SEO optimizer skills, we've got things
like 3D websites. So, the idea here is
that you build the skills for everything
that you want to automate in your
business. And then whatever you want to
do, it could be competitive
intelligence, could be anything. And you
just leverage those skills. So you can
see I've now said I want to go ahead and
use my SEO enrichment skill. Great Jack,
what is it? Is it a single article page
URL? Is it an article to update? I might
say, hey, it is a full website audit.
And it will ask you questions. And I
built all of this saying this is exactly
what I do. These are the questions I
want you to ask. I want to know this. I
want to know that. And then Claude skill
will go through everything. And so
here's the thing. We want to minimize
the amount of time we have to repeat API
keys. And we also want to make sure that
they are super protected. So there are
two key interfaces that you're going to
want to use. The first interface is
going to be what we call a connector
within Claude. So we can connect Claude
to all of your services, your email,
your calendar, your notion database,
anything you want to. So at any point
I'm like, "Hey Claude, check my last
email, check my last and my next
appointment, and then create something
in notion." Claude can do all of that.
But then if we're going to have
something that runs as code or it's
going to be an app or you you're
building something then we save that to
our terminal profile. And then these are
going to be keys that you can use
whenever you're building inside cloud
code. And just to show you that looks
like if I'm over here and I click on
let's say chat I click on the plus and I
click on connectors. Right? Let's go
over here connectors. And here are the
ones that I've already got activated. I
can add in anything. So I click on
manage connectors. And then we can
pretty much peruse and grab anything we
want to. And it's so easy to say that's
fine, that's fine. Get meeting details
is okay. We always allow. We allow it,
but it needs approval. You can customize
all of these things, which is wonderful.
But look, we're not connected to Canva,
right? We're not connected to Gmail. So,
let's go and connect to Gmail by
clicking on Gmail. Click on connect. And
here you go. We this pop-up comes up. We
say this is great. Go and continue. And
once you've selected your email address,
go through and click continue once more.
And now we come back up to Claude. You
can see that it exists, which is
awesome. So, if I come back over now and
ask it a question like, "Hey there,
dude. What was the last email that I
got? Give me the subject line, please.
All right. Now, I can basically
conversate with Claude code or Claude
and it'll do anything that I want to.
And I could build this into anything.
So, if you think of skills, things
you're going to be doing very regularly,
you can now have these things. So, look,
now it's checking our tools. It sees
Gmail is available. It's going to check
it and bring it back. And then this is a
email that I got. Now, the other cool
thing we can do if you want to go ahead
and use the Claude code app is you can
schedule tasks. And this came out
literally I think last 24 hours. All you
do is you come over to schedule over
here which is to this button right here
and you can basically create a task that
will run on repeat. So for example, one
thing you might say to it is if I come
over here and create a task with you. I
could say something like yeah daily code
review is a great example actually daily
code review and we could say go over all
the code that I created in the last 24
hours. Flag anything that you think is
concerning. Okay, beautiful. And just
say here look at the commits that I
pushed to GitHub. at anything I've
developed, anything that's active and do
a full comprehensive audit and overview
of it, please. Fantastic. So, give a bit
more detail and then you can pick any of
the folders. So, I might just say my
desktop or where wherever I'm going to
store all my information. Ask
permissions. I'm going to say bypass
permissions personally. You can do plan
mode or auto accept edit. Either one is
fine. One thing that must be true though
is that you have to have your laptop
open for this. It's what is required to
run this thing. And you can say run
every day at 9:00 a.m. and click on
create task. What this now means is that
if our laptop is open every day at 9:00
in the morning, hopefully we're awake
and kicking butt at 9:00 a.m., then it's
going to run for us in the background
and it will check everything. So,
anything you want to do, it could be a
morning brief like when you get your
coffee, like go and check these
websites, do this, do this, anything you
want to do on a regular basis, we can
now create these scheduled tasks for.
You can also do this within the co-work
feature. And for example, here all you
do again is come down to scheduled. As
you can see, you schedule new task. And
then this might be something where
you're using your MCP servers. Now, with
all this in mind, how does this then fit
into anti-gravity? Because if I open up
and I press command down, you can see we
have anti-gravity here. Anti-gravity
provides a couple of really cool
benefits. Number one is it's a beautiful
visual interface to actually look at
everything we're doing. And if you
yourself want to come in and edit
something, it's very easy to do that. If
you're just using the Claude app, it's
kind of all happening behind a smoke
screen. The other cool thing about
anti-gravity as well is if you're
signing up obviously you get free cloud
access for a period of time, free Gemini
access for a period of time. But the
probably highlight for me and why I like
using anti-gravity is this agent manager
feature. If you click on agent manager,
as you can see here, if I have this
business section which has all the
information about my company, I can jump
in and be like, "Hey dude, do me a
favor. Cro me an invoice for $25,000 for
the UFC and just save on my desktop." So
every one of your individual plans here,
for example, are going to folders are
going to have individual contacts and
the aentic features in anti-gravity make
it easy to do that. I can have multiple
agents running in parallel. So you can
obviously save MCPS and anti-gravity. I
think it's easier to actually have those
connectors now in Claude and probably
just use them and save it to your shell
terminal. And of course you can save
those if you want to within anti-gravity
or you can just save them within Claude
and use the connectors if you're going
to go over here and use the claude
within the anti-gravity interface. And
so now we've covered the first 95% of
using clawed code with an anti-gravity.
The next thing we need to do is learn
how to build beautiful and stunning
websites and apps, which we can do by
watching this video right